Modell zur Produktion von Online-Hilfen.
Ein Verfahren zur thematisch spezialisierten Suche im Web und seine Realisierung im Prototypen HomePageSearch
File System Performance and Transaction Support.
Towards Middleware Support for Mobile and Cellular Networks: core problems and illustrated approaches.
Tertiary Storage: An Evaluation of New Applications
Speicherung und Anfragebearbeitung komplexer Geo-Objekte
Quantization Design for Structured Overcomplete Expansions.
The Temporal Deductive Database System ChronoLog
Virtualising visualisation : a distributed service based approach to visualisation on the Grid.
An Interactive Graphics Language.
Design and specification of a program specification language for engineering applications.
Accelerating reconfigurable financial computing.
Adaption layer enhancement : an investigation of support for independent link ARQ.
Registration techniques for computer assisted orthopaedic surgery.
Tool support for refactoring Haskell programs.
Evaluating formal specifications : a cognitive approach.
Situated displays in telecommunication.
Fuzzy logic data mining and machine learning and its applications.
Search based software project management.
Lazy exact real computation.
A collection model for data management in object-oriented systems.
Switching control systems and their design automation via genetic algorithms.
Filing system services for distributed computer systems.
Screw algebra based kinematics analysis and its uses in reconfiguration recognition of mechanisms.
Design and implementation of a language for manipulating algebraic formulae.
Reusing semantic web data in authoring Wikipedia.
Techniques for the analysis of monotone Boolean networks.
Collaborative narrative generation in persistent virtual environments.
Study of result presentation and interaction for aggregated search.
Ancillas in quantum computation: beyond two-level systems.
The manipulation of trees and linear graphs within a computer and some applications.
Support for an integrated approach to program understanding : an application of software visualisation.
Boris : a framework for multi-agent systems design and deployment.
Motivational attitudes and norms in a unified agent communication language for open multi-agent systems : a pragmatic approach.
Visualisation of invisible substances using unicellular swarm intelligence.
Scheduling in Or-parallel PROLOG systems.
E-Service adoption in unstable societies.
An ontology-based reengineering methodology for service orientation.
Specifying and implementing secure mobile applications in the channel ambient system.
Runtime verification of deontic and trust models in multiagent interactions.
Distributed on-line safety monitor based on safety assessment model and multi-agent system.
Security-driven software evolution using a model driven approach.
Abstraction-level functional programming.
Rendering and validation of high-fidelity graphics using region-of-interest.
Impact analysis in description logic ontologies.
A model of neural sequence detectors for sentence processing.
Analysing the requirements for monitoring and switching : a problem-oriented approach.
Monitoring individual cells within cell cultures using image processing and pattern recognition techniques.
Analogue neuromorphic systems.
HEDGEHOG : automatic verification of design patterns in Java.
Semantic and organization considerations in database conceptual modelling : the Semantic Conceptual Organizational Model (SECOM).
Threats to information systems and effective countermeasures.
Aspects of Training and Connection in Some Cellular Learning Networks.
Execution of Prolog by transformations on distributed memory multi-processors.
Principled design of evolutionary learning systems for large scale data mining.
An architecture for expert database system.
Abstraction : a notion for reverse engineering.
Towards abstractions for distributed systems.
Software measurement for functional programming.
Integrated innate and adaptive artificial immune systems applied to process anomaly detection.
Silicon-based non-volatile nano-electro-mechanical switch with controlled van der Waals force.
An integrated framework for CCTV infrastructures deployment in KSA: towards an automated surveillance.
Visual simulation of falling water and plunge pools.
Detecting underwater man-made objects in unconstrained video images.
Agent-based modelling of transactive memory systems and knowledge processes in agile versus traditional software development teams.
Utilising networked workstations to accelerate database queries.
Quality of experience management in mobile content delivery systems.
Decision rule approximations for dynamic optimization under uncertainty.
Reinforcement learning for qualitative group behaviours applied to non-player computer game characters.
Parallel implementation of funtional languages using divide-and-conquer strategies.
Towards development of brain-computer interface based on point to point movements.
New hybrid genetic algorithms for parameter search.
Iterative parameter mixing for distributed large-margin training of structured predictors for natural language processing.
A tool for collaborative online dialogue : CodeZebraOS.
VLSI parallel processing architectures.
Multi-modal recognition of manipulation activities through visual accelerometer tracking, relational histograms, and user-adaptation.
An emergent framework for designers working in physical/digital spaces.
An aspect-oriented approach to productivity improvement for a dynamic language using typing concerns.
Chord sequence patterns in OWL.
Efficient iterative decoding algorithms for turbo and low-density parity-check (LDPC) codes.
Mobile robot navigation using a behavioural control strategy.
Meta-APL : a general language for agent programming.
Usability engineering for embodied conversational agents with older users.
Model reduction techniques for probabilistic verification of Markov chains.
From digital creations of space to analogous experiences of places : living in second life and acting in Flash Mob.
Strain transducers for active control.
Component based software architecture for interoperable databases and extensions to the results.
MediaHub, Bayesian Decision-making in an Intelligent Multimodal Distributed Platform Hub.
Rule model simplification.
Shape analysis and pose from contour.
Modelling the transition to complex, culturally transmitted communication.
Image processing analysis of stem cell antigens.
Digital black boxes: apprehending fast and dynamic sociotechnical networks.
Condition monitoring of outdoor insulation using artificial intelligence techniques.
Design and performance study of algorithms for consensus in sparse, mobile ad-hoc networks.
Lexical simplification: optimising the pipeline.
Visual identification of fine surface incisions.
Data mining of vehicle telemetry data.
The resilience and optimisation of cloud computing.
Technical debt-aware elasticity management in cloud computing environments.
Early detection of network problems using existing network indicators : local agent based approach.
The use of virtual environments in internet-based teleoperation.
Fixed-priority scheduling algorithms with multiple objectives in hard real-time systems.
Intelligent content based video retrieval based on local region tracks.
The transformational implementation of JSD process specifications via finite automata representation.
Statistical data mining for Sina Weibo, a Chinese micro-blog: sentiment modelling and randomness reduction for topic modelling.
Benchmarking object-relational database systems for adaptive design.
Multilayered abstractions for partial differential equations.
A processing framework for temporal analysis and its applications to instructional texts.
An investigation of indoor positioning systems and their applications.
A proof planning framework for Isabelle.
Software visualization in Prolog.
Formative evaluation method for website interface development.
Using mobility and exception handling to achieve mobile agents that survive server crash failures.
Verification in ASL and related specification languages.
Infrastructure support for CSCW.
From neural algorithms to parallel architectures : a practical design methodology.
Clinical intelligence framework for decision-support.
An interoperability framework for security policy languages.
A machine learning framework for optimising file distribution across multiple cloud storage services.
Deep binary representation learning for single/cross-modal data retrieval.
The validation and verification of low-level code.
High efficiency, character-oriented, local area networks.
Composition integrity framework : an integrity monitor for aspect-oriented programs.
Latent semantic sentence clustering for multi-document summarization.
An ecologically valid evaluation of an observation-resilient graphical authentication mechanism.
Enhancing workflow with a semantic description of scientific intent.
Advancing human pose and gesture recognition.
The use of knowledge-based systems techniques for risk assessment.
Models of higher-order, type-safe, distributed computation over autonomous persistent object stores.
Automated data classification using feature weighted self-organising map (FWSOM).
Topics in kernal hypothesis testing.
Modelling uncertainty in touch interaction.
A visual metaphor-based tool for a search-engine user interface.
Artificial ontogenesis : a connectionist model of development.
Intelligent system based assessments of academic journals.
Enhancing legacy software system analysis by combining behavioural and semantic information sources.
A framework for distributed open hypermedia.
Robust steganographic techniques for secure biometric-based remote authentication.
Modality based perception for selective rendering.
Measuring the experience of playing self-paced games.
Programming for humans : a new paradigm for domain-specific languages.
Learning to cope with small noisy data in software effort estimation.
AMPM Adaptive multipoint multimedia over wireless internet protocol networks.
A wide-area file system for migrating virtual machines.
An investigation into the use of AffectiveWare in interactive computer applications.
Text analysis, summarising and retrieval.
Integration of classical and model-based technologies for the automated synthesis of plans.
The domain name system advisor: a model-based quality assurance framework.
Hardware fabrics for cryptographic algorithms.
An improved computational model for effective 3D animation.
Resolution-based methods for linear-time temporal logics : with applications to formal verification.
Graph patterns : structure, query answering and applications in schema mappings and formal language theory.
An evaluation of the use of task analysis in the development of interactive multimedia systems.
Platforms for deployment of scalable on- and off-line data analytics.
Watermarking for attack classification.
Enhancing the usability of rely-guarantee conditions for atomicity refinement.
From ephemerality to delicacy: applying delicacy in the design space of digital gifting.
An exploratory study of the internal career orientation and the external career pattern of information technology workers in Nigeria.
An expert system for career management within an army structure.
A mobile diabetes management and internetworking system.
Graphical creation of structured programs.
Deep neural network acoustic models for multi-dialect Arabic speech recognition.
Enterprise modelling and its application to organisational requirements, capture and definition.
Analysis and transformation of proof procedures.
Adaptive learning for segmentation and detection.
An intelligent geographic information system for design.
Budget-limited multi-armed bandits.
Auxiliary computations : a framework for a step-wise, non-disruptive introduction of static guarantees to untyped programs using partial evaluation techniques.
Tableau algorithms for categorial deduction and parsing.
Multi-channel bulk queueing systems.
Games 4 VRains: affective gaming for working memory training in virtual reality.
Critical node identifcation for accessing network vulnerability: a necessary consideration.
Robust stability and performance for multiple model switched adaptive control.
Type-Checking Systems with Particular Applications to Functional Languages.
Intention-oriented programming model for autonomic cloud applications.
Application of recent programming techniques to data processing.
PC-grade parallel processing and hardware acceleration for large-scale data analysis.
Creative aspects of problem solving : A critical analysis and explanation of the attribution of meaning during interactive problem solving sessions, sequences and simulations.
Supporting members of online communities through the use of visualisations.
Higher-order central-moment neural architectures.
The dynamics of continuous-time recurrent neural networks and their relevance to episodic memory.
A text representation language for contextual and distributional processing.
Towards better gameplay in educational computer games.
HI-Risk : a socio-technical method for the identification and monitoring of healthcare information security risks in the information society.
Contextuality and noncommutative geometry in quantum mechanics.
A multidimensional sketching interface for visual interaction with corpus-based concatenative sound synthesis.
Worst-case execution time analysis for dynamic branch predictors.
Fuzzy logic programming based on α-cuts.
Internal representation and biological plausibility in an artificial neural network.
The evolution of modular artificial neural networks.
Modelling, analysis and feedback control design for upright standing sways.
Navigation problems for autonomous robots in distributed environments.
Micromanipulator on the tip of a fibre: fabrication and analysis.
A robust region-adaptive digital image watermarking system.
Novel techniques for audio music classification and search.
Sequential frame synchronization over binary symmetrical channel for unequally distributed data symbols.
Autonomic behavioural framework for structural parallelism over heterogeneous multi-core systems.
Video content-based QoE prediction for HEVC encoded videos delivered over IP networks.
The nature of engagement and its role in hypermedia evaluation and design.
The behaviour of S.C.R. amplifiers in closed loop control systems.
A model of argumentation and its application in a cooperative expert system.
Establishing species-specific 3D liver microtissues for repeat dose toxicology and advancing in vitro to in vivo translation through computational modelling.
A cost analysis for a higher-order parallel programming model.
The integration of tools in software engineering environments.
Information systems strategy: an empirical investigation into the social complexity of its formation in practice.
A computer aid for management.
An embedded-agent approach to activity recognition in domestic ambient intelligent environments.
Comparing the effectiveness of face to face and computer mediated collaboration in design.
Learning generative models of mid-level structure in natural images.
Strategies for partitioning data in association rule mining.
Exploring human factors issues & possible countermeasures in password authentication.
Framed aspects-A generative variability approach for aspect-oriented programming.
Energy- and context-aware approaches to aiding human memory.
Detecting salient information using RSVP and the P3 : computational and EEG explorations.
Semi-automated co-reference identification in digital humanities collections.
Component analysis of complex-valued data for machine learning and computer vision tasks.
System design for periodic data production management.
Inductive logic programming using bounded hypothesis space.
Process algebra for located Markovian agents and scalable analysis techniques for the modelling of Collective Adaptive Systems.
Semi-automatic segmentation of the hippocampus using magnetic resonance images.
Observational models of requirements evolution.
Data mining for heart failure : an investigation into the challenges in real life clinical datasets.
Quality of service routing for real-time traffic.
A formal approach to modelling and verification of context-aware systems.
An architecture for domain based distributed systems management.
A sublanguage of English for database query in a managerial environment.
Design of Cross-Correlation Flow Control Loops.
Mind the gap : formalising the development of scientific software.
Trolling in computer-mediated communication : impoliteness, desception and manipulation online.
Evolutionary and genetic strategies for topology optimization of frameworks : pareto-comparisons and hybrid methods.
Fast algorithms for public key cryptography.
Developing an interactive overview for non-visual exploration of tabular numerical information.
Databases for concatenative text-to-speech synthesis systems : unit selection and knowledge-based approach.
A rational scheme for conflict detection and resolution in distributed collaborative environments for enterprise integration.
Towards meta-evolution via embodiment in artificial chemistries.
SIQXC : Schema Independent Queryable XML Compression for smartphones.
Statistical mechanics for network structure and evolution.
Colocation aware content sharing in urban transport.
Explorations into interactions between learning and evolution using genetic algorithms.
An agent-based framework to support adaptive hypermedia.
Group-based parallel multi-scheduling methods for grid computing.
A visual approach to the development of spatial quaery languages for geographic information systems.
COBOL report program generation by macro processor.
A computational model of visual attention.
Quantum corrections in the computer simulation of simple liquids and solids.
Combinator reduction on networks of small processors.
Human identification using soft biometrics.
Algebraic specifications : investigations concerning their effectiveness for testing software, their quality and maintenance.
Linearity and laziness.
A typed operational semantics for type theory.
Algorithms for breast cancer grading in digital histopathology images.
Efficient programming models for neurocomputation.
Instance-based Natural Language Generation.
Perceptible affordances and feedforward for gestural interfaces : assessing effectiveness of gesture acquisition with unfamiliar interactions.
Colourful life in cyberspace and the real world : visualising urban wi-fi landscapes with web colours.
Object recognition by evolutionary search.
Mobile security and smart systems: multi-modal biometric authentication on mobile devices.
A one-field fictitious domain method for fluid-structure interactions.
Operating system simulations for parallel processes and parallel processors.
Polyethylene-montmorillonite nanocomposites.
Representation decomposition for knowledge extraction and sharing using restricted Boltzmann machines.
The design and implementation of RRCGS (Retargetable RISC Code Generator for the SUIF).
LinkIt : design, development and testing of a semi-quantitative computer modelling tool.
Pushing the limits of indoor localization in today's Wi-Fi networks.
Investigation of multimodal template-free biometric techniques and associated exception handling.
Reliable communication protocols for high-performance computing.
Policy-based runtime tracking for e-learning environments.
Data quality and data cleaning in database applications.
Performance modeling and enhancement for IEEE 802.11 DCF.
Sensorless control of surface mounted permanent magnet machine using fundamental PWM excitation.
The role of virtual actors in collaborative virtual environments for learning.
Navigation in non-immersive virtual environments.
CODA : complex organic distributed architecture for intelligent reconfiguration of mobile networks.
Risk eDecisions: online behaviour and decision making from the iGeneration to the 'silver surfer'.
A method for re-modularising legacy code.
Citizens' readiness for e-government in developing countries.
An ontology based approach towards a universal description framework for home networks.
The optimal control of a slab reheating furnace.
The Design of a General Purpose Microprogrammable Emulator.
A pragmatic approach to the formal development of safety-critical systems.
Activity awareness in context-aware systems using software sensors.
Interactive real-time three-dimensional visualisation of virtual textiles.
The branch-and-bound paradigm.
Medium-term planning in deregulated energy markets with decision rules.
Handling data dependent memory accesses in custom hardware applications.
Run-time support for parallel discrete event simulation languages.
Attributes in lexical acquisition.
Irregular variable length coding.
A novel pre-processing method for the classification of data by a neural network.
High redundancy actuator.
Modelling and managing temporal data and its application to Scottish dental information systems.
Ubiquitous Integration and Temporal Synchronisation (UbilTS) framework: a solution for building complex multimodal data capture and interactive systems.
Automating the refinement of knowledge based systems.
Meteorological modelling on the ICL distributed array processor and other parallel computers.
Time constrained qualitative model-based parameter identification.
Learning crowd dynamics using computer vision.
3D face recognition using multicomponent feature extraction from the nasal region and its environs.
Data Reuse and Parallelism in Hardware Compilation.
Real-time sound spatialization, software design and implementation.
Detecting anomalies in multivariate time series from automotive systems.
Finger knuckle print and palmprint for efficient person recognition.
The object and connection space approach to opening up hypermedia structure.
Orchestrating high performance services : theory and practice.
Functional Analysis and Identification of Separable Nonlinear Control Systems Using Pseudorandom Inputs.
An executable formal semantics of PHP with applications to program analysis.
Productive and efficient computational science through domain-specific abstractions.
Performance related decision support for process modelling.
Design of multiple classifier systems.
Social laws for multi-agent systems.
Application of software engineering methodologies to the development of mathematical biological models.
Aspects of internet security - identity management and online child protection.
The mathematical structure of non-locality and contextuality.
An investigation of parallelism in document processing.
Realtime vehicle route optimisation via DQN for sustainable and resilient urban transportation network.
Software tools for the investigation of stochastic programming problems.
The development of a generic, extensible and web-enabled cbr architecture.
A framework for the systematic evaluation of malware forensic tools.
A study of simulated annealing techniques for multi-objective optimisation.
Terahertz spectrometry applied to proteins.
A framework to support multilingual mobile learning : a South African perspective.
Execution profiling for non-strict functional languages.
An application of parallelism to compilation.
Methods of (0-1) Integer Programming Using a Boolean Approach.
Factors affecting electronic commerce acceptance and usage in Libyan ICT organizations.
On the use of text classification methods for text summarisation.
Usable, secure and deployable graphical passwords.
Monitoring and control of biological textile wastewater treatment using artificial neural networks.
An insider misuse threat detection and prediction language.
Improving software model inference by combining state merging and Markov models.
A High-level Computer Language for Modelling Structured Data.
Object representation and recognition in machine vision.
A correlation framework for continuous user authentication using data mining.
Isogeometric boundary element methods for linear elastic fracture mechanics.
Isosurface modelling of soft objects in computer graphics.
An evaluation of factors affecting students' use of a web-based engineering resource.
Enforcing complex policies in RBAC.
Cross-modal semantic-associative labelling, indexing and retrieval of multimodal data.
Optimal feature selection and machine learning for high-level audio classification: a random forests approach.
Performance optimizations for compiler-based error detection.
Lattice rescoring methods for statistical machine translation.
Feature learning for RGB-D data.
Grouping of semistructured data for efficient query processing.
Weakly supervised learning of objects and attributes.
Inducing rules in a higher-order framework.
The role of external and endogenous noise in neural network dynamics and statistics.
The evolution of complete software systems.
The development of a conceptual model for supporting a case based reasoning selection among decision support systems for strategic asset allocation.
A neural network and rule based system application in water demand forecasting.
Computational recovery of enzyme haplotypes from a metagenome.
Systematic analysis and modelling of diagnostic errors in medicine.
Synthesis of geared Linkages as Function generators.
A formal framework for the specification of interactive systems.
A business-oriented framework for enhancing web services security for e-business.
Relational database support for a rule based approach to information systems.
Dialogues incorporating enthymemes and modelling of other agents' beliefs.
Scalable image retrieval based on hand drawn sketches and their semantic information.
Optical wireless communication systems.
Student modelling by adaptive testing : a knowledge-based approach.
Turing machine universality of the game of life.
Quality of service support for service discovery and selection in service oriented computing environment.
Schedulability of mode changes in flexible real-time distributed systems.
A framework for cascading payment and content exchange within P2P systems.
Sparse analysis model based dictionary learning and signal reconstruction.
Modelling aggregation motivated interactions in descriptive text generation.
Towards an integrated methodology for the development of hybrid information systems.
Deep learning for automated sleep monitoring.
Structure evaluation of computer human animation quality.
Learning deformable models for tracking human motion.
Detecting adverse drug reactions in the general practice healthcare database.
A computational study and heuristic algorithms for the home healthcare scheduling and routing problem.
Software evolution through UML-models extraction.
Theory and implementation of coercive subtyping.
Metric domains for completeness.
Scheduling and data management for parallel ray tracing.
User-centred and context-aware identity management in mobile ad-hoc networks.
Source-to-source compilation of loop programs for manycore processors.
MPLS controlled deflection routing for packet switched optical networks.
Object oriented specification and refinement.
Person re-Identification over distributed spaces and time.
The use of advanced soft computing for machinery condition monitoring.
An interactive talking head.
The static and dynamic flow forces in a particular spool valve configuration.
Guarded atomic actions and refinement in a system-on-chip development flow : bridging the specification gap with Event-B.
Identifying and comparing opportunistic and social networks.
Impedance spectroscopy for cellular and biomolecular analysis.
Document flow model : a formal notation for modelling asynchronous web services.
Policy-driven governance in cloud service ecosystems.
Intention reconsideration.
Exploring happiness indicators in cities and industrial sectors using Twitter and Urban GIS data.
VMX-rootkit : implementing malware with hardware virtual machine extensions.
Semantic agent support for managed open information retrieval services.
Search-based generation of human readable test data and its impact on human oracle costs.
Wavelet based approaches for detection and recognition in ear biometrics.
Investigation into intelligent image preprocessor techniques for Artificial Neural Networks.
Designing communication systems that work.
Executable formal specification of programming languages with reusable components.
Advanced methods for neural modelling and applications.
Signature-based videos' visual similarity detection and measurement.
Constructing runtime models with bigraphs to address ubiquitous computing service composition volatility.
Corealisation : a radical respecification of the working division of labour in systems development.
Object detection, recognition and re-identification in video footage.
Collaborative knowledge building through multi-path video creation.
Elicitation of software requirements : the role of natural language processing.
Auditory-based processing of communication sounds.
Parallel computational techniques for explicit finite element analysis.
A multi-agent system for a bus crew rescheduling system.
On reasoning with uncertainty and belief change.
Development of virtual network computing (VNC) environment for networking and enhancing user experience.
Parallel and distributed integer programming.
Language support for service-level agreements for application-service provision.
Arguing from experience : persuasive dialogue based on association rules.
Role of description logic reasoning in ontology matching.
Structured argumentation for simulation-based research.
Probabilistic modeling of rumour stance and popularity in social media.
Hierarchical decision making for semantic analysis and summarisation of sports videos.
Game semantics for an object-oriented language.
Automatic methods for videostreams analysis and self-evolving controllers.
Parallel execution of Horn clause programs.
Modelling visual objects regardless of depictive style.
Scheduling of batch processing plants : constraint model and computer scheduling system.
A computational framework for similarity estimation and stimulus reconstruction of Hodgkin-Huxley neural responses.
Key-frame analysis and extraction for automatic summarization of real-time videos.
Toward optimised skeletons for heterogeneous parallel architecture with performance cost model.
Elliptic curve cryptography mapped with channel coding.
Cooperative attack and defense in distributed networks.
Virtual prototyping of embedded real-time systems.
Easing the writing task : designing computer based systems to help authors.
An integrated network-based mobile botnet detection system.
Mixed Integer Programming on transputers.
Improper colourings of graphs.
Learning failure-free PRISM programs.
A conceptual framework for understanding and evaluating information systems methodologies.
Using local and global knowledge in wireless sensor networks.
Architectural support for persistent memory systems.
Approaches for the digital profiling of activities and their applications in design information push.
On a case supported approach to object-oriented rapid prototyping.
From approximative to descriptive fuzzy models.
Adaptive scaling of evolvable systems.
Eng-genes neural networks for nonlinear modelling and control.
Automatic construction of immobilisation masks for use in radiotherapy treatment of head-and-neck cancer.
The n-tuple network: coping with sub-optimality.
Chinese character generation : a stroke oriented method.
Realizability toposes and language semantics.
Parametric and stochastic programming algorithms for process synthesis under uncertainty.
Energy based dissolution simulation using smoothed particle hydrodynamic sampling.
Multi-species evolutionary algorithms for complex optimisation problems.
A language and toolkit for the specification, execution and monitoring of dependable distributed applications.
A method for formal specification and verification of interactive systems.
System analysis of structural networks by the use of mixed methods.
Enhancing association rules algorithms for mining distributed databases : integration of fast BitTable and multi-agent association rules mining in distributed medical databases for decision support.
Mobile computations over distributed semistructured data.
Functional programs as reconfigurable networks of communicating processes.
Community and thread methods for identifying best answers in online question answering communities.
On modelling and simulation of plucked string instruments.
Composing requirements dependencies across architectural views for improving change impact analysis.
An object-oriented approach towards a collaborative environment for computer-aided engineering (C.A.E.).
Automated optimization of reconfigurable designs.
Distributed simulations on a computational Grid.
Specifying agent communication languages.
Implementation of symbolic model checking for probabilistic systems.
Management of data quality when integrating data with known provenance.
Investigation into low power and reliable system-on-chip design.
Recovering the optical properties of a tissue using maximum a posteriori based estimation.
Interaction design for live performance.
Detection of packer based obfuscated executables.
Applying the object-oriented paradigm to databases by extending the relational model.
Development of technologies for low-cost oceanographic unmanned aeronautical vehicles.
Provenance in distributed systems : a process algebraic study of provenance management and its role in establishing trust in data quality.
Executive attention, action selection and attention-based learning in neurally controlled autonomous agents.
Semantics of object-oriented languages.
In Vivo quantification of complex neurite configurations using magnetic resonance imaging.
Automatic product classification.
A simulation method for design and development of magnetic shape memory actuators.
Intelligent support for exploration of data graphs.
Correlation-based networks for implementaion in CMOS analogue VLSI.
The readying of applications for heterogeneous computing.
OCCAM objects.
A run time component model for building system software.
Context aware body area networks.
Strategies for non-uniform rate sampling in digital control theory.
The design and evaluation of a novel vehicle navigation system.
Deadlock free algorithmic parallelism : analysis, implementation and performance.
Expert systems and simulation : an investigation of an expert system to facilitate the development and use of system dynamic simulation models.
Adaptive motion synthesis and motor invariant theory.
On analysing deformable (moving) objects.
How manufacturing can learn from nature : exploration of ecological resilience.
A Computer Link Between Design and Manufacture.
Link layer protocol performance of indoor infrared wireless communications.
Analogue Storage Techniques and Graphical Display Systems.
An investigation of the effectiveness of open hypertext text techniques for qualitative decision support.
Knowledge-based software engineering : a software quality management expert system prototype.
Combining data integration and information extraction.
Systolic arrays for the matrix iterative methods.
Recursive structures in computer systems.
Dynamic and fault tolerant three-dimensional cellular genetic algorithms.
An investigation into server-side static and dynamic web content survivability using a web content verification and recovery (WVCR) system.
An interest point based illumination condition matching approach to photometric registration within augmented reality worlds.
Multi-level verification of microprocessor-based systems.
Coordinated unmanned aerial vehicles for surveillance of targets.
Implementation of an optimising object-oriented programming language compiler for embedded applications.
A flexible mechanism for concurrency control in database systems.
Trackbot : acoustic tracking with a peoplebot.
Proof-theoretic investigations into integrated logical and functional programming.
Content-driven superpixels and their applications.
Information security awareness : improving current research and practice.
A 3D landscape information model.
Timing is everything : a spatio-temporal approach to the analysis of facial actions.
A novel approach to rotation invariant correlation.
Motion planning and reactive control on learnt skill manifolds.
Negotiation and coordination using market-based agents in E-business applications.
Exploiting concurrency in a general-purpose one-instruction computer architecture.
Exploiting structure defined by data in machine learning : some new analyses.
Bulk Synchronous Parallelism in object-relational database systems.
Negative feedback as an organising principle for artificial neural networks.
Quality of service of crash-recovery failure detectors.
The application of multiple modalities to improve home care and reminder systems.
Learning in a state of confusion : employing active perception and reinforcement learning in partially observable worlds.
A framework for dynamic modelling of spatiotemporal systems.
Modelling roundabout capacities.
Model checking quantum protocols.
A generic architecture for insider misuse monitoring in IT systems.
Understanding how knowledge is exploited in Ant algorithms.
Safety cases for the formal verification of automatically generated code.
The ACCESS Framework : reinforcement learning for accessibility and cognitive support for older adults.
Portable implementations of nested data-parallel programming languages.
Artificial intelligence as writing : knowledge-based hypertext systems as a medium for communication.
An agent-based ontological model to support outsourcing decision making.
Silicon-germanium for photonic applications.
An Odyssey with complexity and network science : from the brain to social organisation.
Proper orthogonal decomposition & kriging strategies for design.
Granular computing approach for intelligent classifier design.
E-SCAPE : an extendible sonic composition and performance environment.
Blackboard architecture for intelligent embedded systems.
A type-based locality analysis for a functional distributed language.
Software for on-line Process Control.
Formal methods and reuse in software engineering.
Learning from experience in the engineering of non-orthogonal architectural surfaces : a computational design system.
Extracting significant phrases from documents in English and Chinese.
Characterising action potential in virtual game worlds applied with the mind module.
Documents as functions.
Knowledge discovery in hybrid knowledge representation systems.
Dynamic simulation of ion-atom interactions by hybrid computer.
A refinement calculus for expressions.
On the impact of network topology on systemic risk: network reconstruction, stress testing and control.
Towards the automatic analysis of metric modulations.
Exploration of variations of unrestricted blocking for description logics.
Background-free detection and mixed-species crystals in micro- and macroscopic ion-traps for scalable QIP.
Text-independent speaker verification with limited resources.
Improving light detection and ranging based simultaneous localization and mapping with advanced map representations.
A cybernetic perspective on policy-making and planning in local government.
Towards systematic requirements reuse.
Designing for the commercial exploitation of online identity.
Chromatic monitoring with the use of embedded systems.
Parameterising and modelling the Internet topology.
Method oriented design environments in knowledge aided design.
Development of digital filtering techniques in three-dimensional TLM models.
A compositional framework for the development of secure access control systems.
Using Class-Level Static Properties to Predict Object Lifetimes.
WeDRisk : an approach to managing web and distributed software development risks.
Novel text entry and mobile interaction techniques for Arabic language users.
Parallel program monitoring : the logical clock approach and its deadlock avoidance.
Modelling facial action units using partial differential equations.
Augmenting user interfaces with haptic feedback.
Reasoning about programs using operational semantics and the role of a proof support tool.
A multilingual automated web usability evaluation agent.
A pattern-based approach to changing software requirements in brown-field business contexts.
Olfactory-enhanced multimedia : a user's perspective.
Mapping relational databases to semantic web using domain-specific knowledge.
Sensing and interactive intelligence in mobile context aware systems.
Content based retrieval and classification of music using polyphonic timbre similarity.
The design and implementation of a grammar-checking program for learners of English as a foreign language : information, processes, possibilities and limitations.
Migrating relational databases into object-based and XML databases.
Rigorous design of distributed transactions.
Genetic algorithm optimisation of load cell geometry by finite element analysis.
The influence of informal communication on learning in a political party: an integrated approach utilising information behaviour and organisational learning perspectives.
Exact learning of description logic ontologies.
Intrusion prediction system for cloud computing and network based systems.
Development and implementation of a deflection amplification mechanism for capacitive accelerometers.
Dynamic probabilistic routing discovery and broadcast schemes for high mobility ad-hoc networks.
Fair division of the commons.
Model-based 3D gait biometrics.
Types, categories, actions.
Geometric and probabilistic methods for non-Euclidean image analysis.
Analytical approaches to games development.
Web accessibility diagnosis, improvement and maintenance.
An investigation into tournament poker strategy using evolutionary algorithms.
Functional programming applications.
Complexity modelling for case knowledge maintenance in case-based reasoning.
Reasoning with !-graphs.
Machine learning techniques for automated analysis of facial expressions.
End-user documentation.
Information bias and trust in bitcoin speculation.
Advancement in content based retrieval applicatons : from features to users.
The autonomous navigation of an electric vehicle.
Mathematical Modelling and on-Line Computer Control of a Vaporiser.
Model-driven engineering for analysing, modelling and comparing cloud computing service level agreements.
Towards a uniform graphical representation of program construction, debugging and testing process.
Interpreting modal natural deduction as resolution.
Improved broadband adaptive beamformer performance.
Three fundamental pillars of decision-centered teamwork.
Personality representation : predicting behaviour for personalised learning support.
Interface design for hypermedia learning systems : a study of individual differences and hypermedia system features.
An extensible platform for specification of integrated languages for model management.
Instant messaging in work-based virtual teams: the analysis of non-verbal communication used for the contextualisation of transactional and relational communicative goals.
Model validation for robust control.
Name-passing process calculi : operational models and structural operational semantics.
ORPE : a high performance semantic transaction model for disconnected systems.
Software based solutions for mobile positioning.
Exploiting gene expression and protein data for predicting remote homology and tissue specificity.
Theory, modelling and implementation of graphene field-effect transistor.
A process-centered architecture for organisational transformation.
Enhancing response time and reliability via speculative replication and redundancy.
A study of cluster analysis techniques and their applications.
Algorithms and data structures for three-dimensional packing.
Temporal-numeric planning with control parameters.
Concurrency control in multiple perspective software development.
Computer perception of curved objects using a television camera.
Medical quality of service for optimized ultrasound streaming in wireless robotic tele-ultrasonography system.
The development and testing of an efficient data mining framework for intrusion detection.
Intelligent analysis for multi-level data-driven prediction.
Closure algorithms and the star-height problem of regular languages.
Systematic trading : calibration advances through machine learning.
Adaptive 3D modelling based on single images using non-uniform rational B-spline technique.
Digital forensics : an integrated approach for the investigation of cyber/computer related crimes.
Algorithmic problems in strings with applications to the analysis of biological sequences.
An integrated architecture analysis framework for component-based software development.
The DNA of Web Observatories.
Engineering an adaptive and socially-aware feedback acquisition.
Path-based computations in colour image processing.
A Computer Simulation Model for Manpower Systems.
Human behaviour modelling : an investigation using traditional discrete event and combined discrete event and agent-based simulation.
Modelling and tracking objects with a topology preserving self-organising neural network.
Self-organising techniques for tolerating faults in 2-dimensional processor arrays.
Bio-inspired self-organizing swarm robotics.
Evaluating the effectiveness of live peer assessment as a vehicle for the development of higher order practice in computer science education.
Eliciting and describing users' models of computer systems.
Parallel architectures for signal processing.
On the ethical implications of personal health monitoring.
The design of a run time system for a real time simulation language.
Shape from shading under relaxed assumptions.
Modelling of an axial flow compact separator using neural network.
Sparse canonical correlation analysis using the Lasso.
A study of application level information from the volatile memory of Windows computer systems.
Computational semantics: a study of a class of verbs.
Performance modelling and optimization for video-analytic algorithms in a cloud-like environment using machine learning.
A constraint programming pre-processor for duty scheduling.
Neural pipelines : for the co-ordination of activity in a multi-layered neural network.
View-invariant feature selector and its application on gait recognition.
An investigation into the suitability of genetic programming for computing visibility areas for sensor planning.
Context-aware GPS integrity monitoring for Intelligent Transport Systems (ITS).
A market model for controlled resource allocation in distributed operating systems.
Fuzzy Control of Mobile Vehicles in Unconstrained Environments.
Development of mathematical models for freight cars subject to dynamic loading.
A model for managing information flow on the World Wide Web.
Proactive caching in mobile networks.
Issues in learning cause and effect relationships from examples : with particular emphasis on casting processes.
Context Transfer Support for MobilityManagement in All-IP Networks.
Reactive behaviour for autonomous virtual agents using fuzzy logic.
Distributed cognition in joint music composition : exploring the role of language and artefacts in multi-session creative collaborative work.
A new method for generic three dimensional human face modelling for emotional bio-robots.
A constraint-based partial evaluator for functional logic programs and its application.
Analysing timed properties of ad hoc network protocols via model checking.
The building and application of a semantic platform for an e-research society.
Visual rhetoric and the design of animated help.
Statistical techniques and project monitoring.
Biased search data structures and rectangular tiling.
Reliable massively parallel symbolic computing: fault tolerance for a distributed Haskell.
New probabilistic graphical models and meta-learning approaches for hierarchical classification, with applications in bioinformatics and ageing.
An evaluation of software modelling in practice.
Modelling visually perceived complexity of foreground and background type data.
Investigations into the suitability of parallel computing architectures for the solution of sparse matrices using the preconditioned conjugate gradient method.
Automatic dense 3D scene mapping from non-overlapping passive visual sensors for future autonomous systems.
Deep component analysis: algorithms and applications.
Style classification of cursive script recognition.
Bandit problems on parallel machines.
An empirical investigation of knowledge management support for software projects.
Monitoring quality of service on broadband networks.
Novel approaches for hierarchical classification with case studies in protein function prediction.
Exploiting social networks for recommendation in online image sharing systems.
Wavelet based automatic face recognition for constrained devices.
The Web Engineering Security (WES) methodology.
Adaptive models of Arabic text.
A new computational model, OOGRS and its implementation.
The development of an intelligent inventory management system.
Providing personalised information based on individual interests and preferences.
Evolving hierarchical visually guided neural network agents to investigate complex interactions.
Colouring, centrality and core-periphery structure in graphs.
Graph colourings and games.
An incremental refinement approach to a development of a flash-based file system in Event-B.
A quality of service architecture.
Using pressure input and thermal feedback to broaden haptic interaction with mobile devices.
Hybrid modelling of time-variant heterogeneous objects.
The synthesis of dynamical models of plants and processes, with particular reference to aircraft.
Acquiring data designs from existing data-intensive programs.
Dynamic block encryption with self-authenticating key exchange.
Model checking and compositional reasoning for multi-agent systems.
Computer graphics for directed graph design methods.
Bunched logics: a uniform approach.
Design strategies for employing reusable software components.
Opportunistic data collection in people-centric sensor networks.
Code memory compression technologies for embedded arm/thumb processors.
Topic models for short text data.
Organisations as complex adaptive systems : implications for the design of information systems.
Theories of information and uncertainty for the modelling of information retrieval : an application of situation theory and Dempster-Schafer's theory of evidence.
An editor and transformation system for a Z animation CASE tool.
Impact analysis of database schema changes.
Repairing type errors in functional programs.
Broadband millimetre-wave radio over fibre systems.
Evaluation of QoS-based signalling for traffic engineering in an MPLS/ATM environment.
Functional and structural descriptors for software component retrieval.
Event-condition-action rule languages over semistructured data.
Exploring a semiotics of new media.
A combinational framework for parallel programming using algorithmic skeletons.
Multifaceted facade textures for 3D city models.
A cross-layer middleware architecture for time and safety critical applications in MANETs.
Adaptive multiple importance sampling for Gaussian processes and its application in social signal processing.
Influences on navigation in a desktop virtual environment.
Semantic frameworks for complexity.
The effect of computer-based technology in attempting to enhance subjective method of knowledge elicitation.
Design and development of algorithms for fault tolerant distributed systems.
Dynamic generalisation of continuous action spaces in reinforcement learning : a neurally inspired approach.
Sparsity in machine learning: theory and practice.
Analogy by mapping spreading and abstraction in large multifunctional knowledge bases.
Some directed graph algorithms and their application to pointer analysis.
Heuristically guided constraint satisfaction for AI planning.
Improving performance of blackboard systems.
Intelligent diagnostic feedback in virtual learning environment.
Investigation into game-based crisis scenario modelling and simulation system.
Activity understanding and unusual event detection in surveillance videos.
Patch-based semantic labelling of images.
Saliency for image description and retrieval.
Efficient streaming for high fidelity imaging.
Towards automated formal analysis of model transformation specifications.
The automatic assessment of Z specifications.
A probabilistic graphical model framework for higher-order term-based representations.
Modelling empirical features and liquidity resilience in the Limit Order Book.
Steady-state and response time analysis of modulated queues and networks with batches.
Search-based and goal-oriented refactoring using unfolding of graph transformation systems.
Design and application of the reconstruction software for the BaBar calorimeter.
Theory grounded design of genetic programming and parallel evolutionary algorithms.
Hybrid AI paradigms applied to power system damping controls.
Evaluating cascade correlation neural networks for surrogate modelling needs and enhancing the Nimrod/O toolkit for multi-objective optimisation.
Optimising reconfigurable systems for real-time applications.
Enabling Cross-domain Workflow Reuse.
Hybrid geo-spatial query processing on the semantic web.
A User preference-based Matchmaking Approach for Services Discovery in B2B e-commerce Applications.
A unifying language study of automatic parallelization.
J-Spectral Factorisaiton for Automotive Powertrain Controls.
Trusted cloud computing modelling with distributed end-user attestable multilayer security.
Performance studies of file system design choices for two concurrent processing paradigms.
Towards achieving autonomic performance resilience in dstributed service-oriented systems.
Quantifying crackles in the lung of smoking and non-smoking young adults.
How can digital educational games be used to improve engagement with mathematics in the classroom?
The polymorphic Pi-calculus : theory and implementation.
A probabilistic reasoning and learning system based on Bayesian belief networks.
An automatic machine-learning framework for testing service-oriented architecure.
Worst-case resource-usage analysis of Java Card classic editions application bytecode.
RE-engineering relational scheme to object-oriented schema using a hybrid approach.
Semi-automatic quantitative assessment of cancer-cell invasion 'in vitro' : an image-processing approach.
The Use of Product Measures In Planning Monitoring and Controlling Software Maintenance Releases.
Development and application of chemical robotics to formulation, synthesis and discovery.
Implementation of onboard watermarking for satellite images.
Data-based mechanistic modelling (DBM) of nonlinear environmental systems.
Performance and energy-based cost prediction modelling of virtual machines in cloud computing environments.
Motion capture based motion analysis and motion synthesis for human-like character animation.
Trusting in computer systems.
Construction heuristics for hard combinatorial optimisation problems.
Symmetry and degeneracy in nonconvex optimisation problems: application to heat recovery networks.
Enhanced resource discovery mechanisms for unstructured peer-to-peer network environments.
A generic logic environment.
Saturation methods for global model-checking pushdown systems.
Ontology-based multiple-choice question generation.
Reasoning with extended Venn-Peirce diagrammatic systems.
Creation of a goal-driven and reactive agent architecture.
Improving fault coverage and minimising the cost of fault identification when testing from finite state machines.
Knowledge engineering techniques for automated planning.
Machine learning techniques for high dimensional data.
Statistical issues in oncologic clinical drug development.
A development method for trusted real-time kernels.
Parallel and Hardware Implementations of Collision Detection Algorithms.
Computational analysis and modelling of graph-structured neuroimaging data.
Simulation program generation for an array processor.
Network-provider-independent overlays for resilience and quality of service.
Envisioning technology through discourse : a case study of biometrics in the National Identity Scheme in the United Kingdom.
Project schedule optimisation utilising genetic algorithms.
Structural traffic analysis for network security monitoring.
Using text mining to identify crime patterns from Arabic crime news report corpus.
Behavioural aspects of term-rewriting systems.
Large-scale learning of discriminative image representations.
Automated norm synthesis in planning environments.
Towards AND/OR parallel logic programming.
The role of symmetry features in connectionist pattern recognition.
Supervised and unsupervised weight and delay adaptation learning in temporal coding spiking neural networks.
An investigation into possible attacks on HTML5 IndexedDB and their prevention.
Software tools for dialogue design.
Advances in educational support for software design methods.
A method for limited speech recognition on a small computer.
Modelling and evaluating timing constraints in real-time systems.
Exploiting uncertainty in nonlinear stochastic control problem.
A high-performance, cost-effective parallel non-numerical processing VLSI architecture.
Real-time guarantees in high-level agent programming languages.
Development of unsupervised feature selection methods for high dimensional biomedical data in regression domain.
Energy efficient cloud computing based radio access networks in 5G: design and evaluation of an energy aware 5G cloud radio access networks framework using base station sleeping, cloud computing based workload consolidation and mobile edge computing.
HyperCourseware: the development of software tools and techniques to enable courseware management.
Multilevel optimisation for computer vision.
Energy saving through voltage optimisation & non-intrusive load monitoring in domestic house.
APT : an automatic Arabic part-of-speech tagger.
A technique for clarifying the implementation of relationships between objects to enhance software reuse.
Machine learning applications in generative design.
Evolutionary environmental modelling in self-managing software systems.
An evaluation of an extant proposed new theory of computing based on information-theoretic principles and data compression.
Supporting distributed realtime computing.
Compositional behaviour and reliability models for adaptive component-based architectures.
Code generation and structured architectures.
Semantic labelling of road scenes using supervised and unsupervised machine learning with lidar-stereo sensor fusion.
A new conceptual and operational framework for the switching of IT outsourcing providers.
Analysis of spatiotemporal cardiac excitation data and stimulated Brillouin scattering data using nonlinear dynamics principles.
Towards a Godement calculus for dinatural transformations.
Taxonomies for software security.
JMorven : a framework for parallel non-constructive qualitative reasoning and fuzzy interval simulation.
Evolvable hardware platform for fault-tolerant reconfigurable sensor electronics.
The development and application of heuristic techniques for the data mining task of nugget discovery.
The Clausal Theory of Types.
Designing for embodied reflection.
Scalable collision detection for distributed virtual environments.
Standard cell and full custom power-balanced logic : ASIC implementation.
The application of artificial intelligence techniques to process identification and control.
Multiprocessor virtual machine systems with special control unit organisation.
A study of effective variational models and efficient numerical methods for image registration.
Learning and approximation algorithms for problems motivated by evolutionary trees.
Web-based strategies in the manufacturing industry.
A cloud-based architecture for distributed processing in networked games.
Software reliability prediction.
Hardware and algorithm architectures for real-time additive synthesis.
A framework for the management of changing biological experimentation.
QoS oriented framework for link selection in heterogeneous wireless environments.
Complexity reduction in artificial neural networks with an emphasis on genetic algorithm based optimisation techniques.
Performance prediction for parallel database management systems.
Optimised rendering of geometrically complex natural virtual environments.
Development and exploration of a timbre space representation of audio.
Myriad : a distributed machine vision application framework.
Functional nucleic acids as substrate for information processing.
Trusted execution: applications and verification.
Portable compilation systems.
Studies in the design and implementation of programming languages for symbol manipulation.
Software-implemented attack tolerance for critical information retrieval.
Model checking pointer safety in compiled programs.
Nonlinear evolution equations and applications in optimal control theory.
A hybrid MIMD/DF compiler for parallel processing.
Feature extraction and clustering techniques for digital image forensics.
An approach to the highway alignment development process using genetic algorithm based optimisation.
The Design of Pneumatic Servo - Mechanisms Using Optimization Techniques.
Protocol level solutions for the packet reordering problem.
Computational characterisation of gold nanocluster structures.
A connectionist model using topological representation of state space graphs for sequence recognition.
Designing human-centred visualisations to support collaboration.
Ontology module extraction and applications to ontology classification.
Proof methods and pragmatics for parallel programming.
An integrated model for citizens to adopt e-government services in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
Fourier-Motzkin methods for fault diagnosis in discrete event systems.
An investigation on question answering for an online feedable Chatbot.
Techniques of design optimisation for algorithms implemented in software.
Operating system design for large personal workstations.
Spatial integration in computer-augmented realities.
Deep visual feature learning for vehicle detection, recognition and re-identification.
A trading model and security regime for mobile e-commerce via ad hoc wireless networking.
Parallelization of the atomic R-matrix computer programs.
Applying scientific method to program debugging.
The use of multi-aperture magnetic cores as analogue memory elements.
The artificial evolution of adaptive behaviour.
General and automatic visualizations.
Analytic knowledge discovery techniques for ad-hoc information retrieval and automatic text summarization.
Performance characterization of computational resources for time-constrained job execution in P2P environments.
On the identification of security vulnerabilities.
Discovering and managing similarity knowledge in temporal case-based reasoning systems.
User driven design of real time passenger information solutions for supporting rural passengers in the context of disruption.
On the induction of temporal structure by recurrent neural networks.
A speculative execution approach to provide semantically aware contention management for concurrent systems.
Using argumentation to improve classification in natural language problems.
Unsupervised texture segmentation using multiresolution Markov random fields.
Visualizing set relations and cardinalities using Venn and Euler diagrams.
Higher-order frameworks for profiling and matching heterogeneous data.
A cybernetic methodology to study and design human activities.
Architecture aware parallel programming in Glasgow parallel Haskell (GPH).
Design of an analog fuzzy robot navigator.
Query answering in distributed RDF databases.
Investigating the requirements of a pedagogy for programming.
SVG 3D graphical presentation for Web-based applications.
Hybrid scene characterisation applied to natural images.
Adaptive probabilistic models for learning semantic patterns.
The use of EM-based neural network schemes for modelling and classification.
An intelligent framework for dynamic web services composition in the semantic web.
Usability and user centred design in hybrid intelligent information systems.
Examining the use of visualisation methods for the design of interactive systems.
Acceleration techniques for photo realistic computer generated integral images.
A computation model for parallelism : self-adapting parallel servers.
Formal modelling and analysis of dynamic reconfiguration of dependable systems.
On some multivariate control charts.
Finite-state abstractions for probabilistic computation tree logic.
Organisations as social networks: understanding proactive information behaviour.
Changing the way the world thinks about computer security.
Implementation of gaussian process models for non-linear system identification.
A hybrid technique for tracking network structured multiple deformable objects.
Laterality differences in memory and attention.
Representation of case law for argumentative reasoning.
High-resolution finite volume methods for hydraulic flow modelling.
Cloud intrusion detection systems: fuzzy logic and classifications.
A design environment for deadlock-free concurrent software.
Motion analysis of cinematographic image sequences.
A software approach to enhancing quality of service in Internet Commerce.
Constraint specification by example in a meta-CASE tool.
Parametric synthesis of human animation.
Towards a virtual domain based authentication solution for the MapReduce application.
Integrity constraints in deductive databases.
Wizard : learning macro-actions comprehensively for planning.
A thesis regarding the vehicle routing problem including a range of novel techniques for its solution.
An investigation into MetaCASE and object-oriented software engineering.
An investigation into the representation of data for the neural implementation of a handwritten static signature verification system.
The design philosophy of a small automatic digital computer.
Applications of information sharing for code generation in process virtual machines.
Object recognition in infrared imagery using appearance-based methods.
The challenge of eLearning for healthcare professionals : an exploration in rural Thailand.
Non-orthogonal random waveform based multiuser communications.
Neural network simulation of dynamic speech perception.
An incremental execution environment.
Asynchronous two-way relay networks.
Low-overhead fault-tolerant logic for field-programmable gate arrays.
Combining meta information management and reflection in an architecture for configurable and reconfigurable middleware.
Example-based water animation.
Cost-efficient resource management for scientific workflows on the cloud.
Telling your story : autobiographical metadata and the semantic web.
Robust facial landmark detection in the wild.
Modelling users by classification : an example-based approach.
Systems of concepts and their extraction from text.
The Design of Data Base Management Systems Using Linear Programming Techniques.
Information discovery for interoperable autonomous database systems.
Topology based global crowd control.
Chaos and information in dynamic neural networks.
Decision procedures for families of deterministic pushdown automata.
Statistical feature ordering for neural-based incremental attribute learning.
The formal generation of models for scientific simulations.
The selective use of gaze in automatic speech recognition.
Selected problems in graph exploration by mobile agents with small memory.
Politics and public opinion in China : the impact of the Internet, 1993-2003.
Practical measurement-based modeling and rendering of surface diffraction.
Discrete value-based bandwith provisioning & routing complexity in IP networks.
A generic high-level specification language for non-functional properties of component-based systems.
Articulated human tracking and behavioural analysis in video sequences.
A probabilistic perspective on ensemble diversity.
Magnetoresistance in constrained domain walls.
Bootstrapping structure into language : alignment-based learning.
Structure, randomness and complexity in quantum computation.
Coherence in machine translation.
Trajectory planning for autonomous underwater vehicles.
Computational models for contrastive opinion mining and aspect extraction.
Speaker verification using support vector machines.
Discrete event calculus using Semantic Web technologies.
Wireless sensor networks and their industrial applications.
Unified development of automatically adapted interactions : the software engineering paradigm and a supporting implementation tool.
An automated marking system for graphical user interfaces.
Monitoring and analysis of network traffic for information security.
Prosody resources and symbolic prosodic features for automated phrase break prediction.
The influence of counterparty risk on financial stability in a stylized banking system.
Learning control knowledge within an explanation-based learning framework.
Recognition of human actions and interactions in video sequences.
A user administered database system.
An investigation into the generation, encoding and retrieval of CCTV-derived knowledge.
Neural plasticity and the limits of scientific knowledge.
Entropy evaluation and security measures for reliable single/multi-factor biometric authentication and biometric keys.
Exploring traffic and QoS management mechanisms to support mobile cloud computing using service localisation in heterogeneous environments.
Software design prototyping through transformations applied to informal design representations.
Structured programming aid.
Algorithms and lower bounds for testing properties of structured distributions.
Interactive video-realistic character animation from 4D performance capture.
Task formulation in usability testing.
New approaches to operating system security extensibility.
Sentiment Analysis for micro-blogging platforms in Arabic.
A content centric computing platform for the home.
Type projections over sef-describing data.
Towards the neurocomputer : an investigation of VHDL neuron models.
Responsive and emotive wearable technology: physiological data, devices and communication.
Empirical assessment of patterns and guidelines for web design.
Argumentation for statistical model selection.
Critical computer animation : an examination of "practice as research" and its reflection and review processes.
IMCAT : an approach for verifying model-based code generators for conformance to source modelling language semantics.
Role of semantic indexing for text classification.
Improving TCP behaviour to non-invasively share spectrum with safety messages in VANET.
Acoustic approaches to gender and accent identification.
An adaptive computing system.
Optimization of stochastic systems.
Database and data structure representation for the efficient construction and display of three dimensional polyhedra.
Development of a spring-less RF MEMS switch.
A framework for building self-adaptive and autonomic computing systems.
Strongly typed evolutionary programming.
Robust generation of 3D models from video footage of urban scenes.
Foundations research in information retrieval inspired by quantum theory.
Application and development of fieldbus : executive summary.
Investigation into the wafer-scale integration of fine-grain parallel processing computer systems.
PAGOdA: pay-as-you-go ontology query answering using a datalog reasoner.
Computational tonality estimation : signal processing and hidden Markov models.
Design and run-time requirements modelling for adaptive systems.
An approach to pathfinding for real-world situations.
Capturing proof process.
Towards a high-level language specification for associative string processing.
Parallel computation techniques for virtual acoustics and physical modelling synthesis.
Graph layout using subgraph isomorphisms.
A temporal database model using nested relations.
Cellular distributed and parallel computing.
Knowledge sharing among ideal agents.
Developmental learning of preconditions for means-end actions from 3D vision.
OntoSoS.BPA.ChM: a semantically-enriched and business process architecture-driven framework for change management in 'System of Systems' context.
The simulation and control of integrated steam systems.
Unsupervised learning of object detectors for everyday scenes.
A framework for integrating and transforming between ontologies and relational databases.
On the security of signature schemes and signcryption schemes.
Microcontroller-based transient signal analysis and distributed system for intelligent process monitoring.
A performance analysis of a hybrid relational-XML approach to store partially-structured data.
A FIFO spin-based resource control framework for symmetric multiprocessing.
Approximate inference: new visions.
A framework for the transformation of the creative industries in a digital age.
Design of Experiments for the Tuning of Optimisation Algorithms.
Distributed recovery in fault-tolerant interconnected networks.
A multi-paradigm query interface for an object-oriented database.
Data-driven system dynamics modelling: model formulation and KPI prediction in data-rich environments.
Real-time signal processing for flying height measurement and control in hard drives subject to shock and vibration.
First-order logic applied to the description and derivation of programs.
The circumstantial occurrence methodology : a proposed way forward in strategic knowledge engineering.
Developing learner autonomy and process improvement in software engineering team projects.
A static, transaction based design methodology for hard real-time systems.
An investigation into formal models of change in artificial intelligence.
Prediction of user behaviour on the Web.
Barriers facing e-service adopting and implementation at local environment level in Nigeria.
Evaluation of relational database views.
Nonlinear analysis of speech from a synthesis perspective.
Hybrid tractability of constraint satisfaction problems with global constraints.
A middleware service for fault-tolerant group communications.
Conditional Partial Order Graphs.
Applying computational intelligence to a real-world container loading problem in a warehouse environment.
A decision support system for supplier selection integrating analytical hierarchy process with operations research methods.
Key success factors impacting foreign direct investment and technology transfer : a comparative study of Libya and Egypt.
The development of an expert advisory system for the Aquired Immune Deficiency System (AIDS).
Intuition in formal proof : a novel framework for combining mathematical tools.
B Annotations in CriticalControl SystemsDevelopment.
Hellenic Local Government Management System using IDEFO methodology.
NETCODE : an XOR-based warning dissemination scheme for vehicular wireless networks.
'Implicit creation' : non-programmer conceptual models for authoring in interactive digital storytelling.
A multiple-agent systems approach for resource configuration in communications network.
An investigation into the use, application and evaluation of intelligent agents.
Modelling and analysis of parallel information systems.
Design of external interfaces for the integration of a generic logistics and distribution centre with associated systems.
Improving the Process of Model Checking through State Space Reductions.
Argumentation as a practical foundation for decision theory.
Example-based methods for natural language processing with applications to machine translation and preposition correction.
Computational analysis of face images.
Low density parity check coding.
Uncertainty and social considerations for mobile assistive robot navigation.
Probability models for information retrieval based on divergence from randomness.
Speech segmentation and speaker diarisation for transcription and translation.
Playful haptic environment for engaging visually impaired learners with geometric shapes.
High-level synthesis using structural input.
Intelligent automatic interpretation of active marine sonar.
Structure-preserving matrix methods for computations on univariate and bivariate Bernstein polynomials.
Highly scalable 2D model-based video coding.
The relationship between visual interface aesthetics, task performance, and preference.
An intelligent-agent approach for managing congestion in W-CDMA networks.
A memory-aware scheduling framework for streaming applications on multicore systems.
An analysis of total correctness refinement models for partial relation semantics.
Joint DLL and PHY layer design in wireless communications.
Variable ordering heuristics for binary decision diagrams.
Older people's appropriation of computers and the Internet.
A support framework for distributed conferencing systems.
Reconstruction, localisation, and segmentation in medical images.
LnCm fault model: complexity and validation.
Self-organising distributed component software architectures.
Vowel synthesis using feed-forward neural networks.
Interaction-driven user interface personalisation for mobile news systems.
A filing service for a close coupled distributed computer system.
Fuzzy evolutionary approaches for bus and rail driver scheduling.
Handling emergent conflicts in adaptable rule-based sensor networks.
Framework for the adoption of online banking.
Virtual environments for science education : a schools-based development.
Simultaneous incremental neuroevolution of motor control, navigation and object manipulation in 3D virtual creatures.
Requirement validation with enactable descriptions of use cases.
A computational logic approach for Web site synthesis and management.
Evolutionary combinatorial optimisation for energy storage scheduling, and web-based power systems analysis using PHP.
Resource allocation via competing marketplaces.
Robust speaker identification against computer aided voice impersonation.
Modelling scientific discovery.
Theory and simulation of a language-learning automaton.
Human feedback in Statistical Machine Translation.
Implementation and programming techniques for functional languages.
A study of young people's use of ICT in domestic environments : an activity theory perspective.
Design and evaluation of security mechanism for routing in MANETs : elliptic curve Diffie-Hellman cryptography mechanism to secure Dynamic Source Routing protocol (DSR) in Mobile Ad Hoc Network (MANET).
A query evaluation model supporting parallelism for logic programs.
Infrastructure support for adaptive mobile applications.
Computational analytics for venture finance.
General theory relating to the implementation of concurrent symbolic computation.
Space charge measurement and analysis in low density polyethylene films.
Interpretation and mining of statistical machine learning (Q)SAR models for toxicity prediction.
Learning in mobile context-aware applications.
Performance evaluation of active network-based unicast and multicast congestion control protocols.
Human layout estimation using structured output learning.
Extracting and exploiting interaction information in constraint-based local search.
Teaching mobile robots to use spatial words.
Towards efficient texture classification and abnormality detection.
Computer simulations of particulate recording media.
A series of case studies to enhance the social utility of RSS.
Aspects of software process assessment and improvement.
Optimising communication structure for model checking.
Segmentation-based and region-adaptive lossless image compression underpinned by a stellar-field image model.
Proximity coherence for chip-multiprocessors.
Memristor based neural networks : feasibility, theories and approaches.
Intelligent object-oriented modelling.
References to graphical objects in interactive multimodal queries.
Conceptual metaphor, human-computer interaction and music : applying conceptual metaphor to the design and analysis of music interactions.
A framework for the definiton of a generative design pattern.
The changing character of power projection and maritime security in a digital age.
Coherent versus differential multiple-input multiple-output systems.
Models of argument for deliberative dialogue in complex domains.
Escalation and de-escalation of commitment to information systems projects: an approach-avoidance perspective.
Source location privacy in wireless sensor networks under practical scenarios: routing protocols, parameterisations and trade-offs.
Towards identifying salient patterns in genetic programming individuals.
An expert system approach to chemical hazard assessment.
Numerical processing of time-varying holographic information.
Improving access to clinical supervision through action research with community nurses : what are the build and design criteria for an online virtual environment for clinical supervision?
Domain independent generation from RDF instance date.
Security assessment of radial distribution networks by digital computer: an operational and design aid for area Electricity Boards.
Creativity support in games for motivated learning.
Approximation algorithms for packing and buffering problems.
A modular architecture for systematic text categorisation.
The specification and implementation of an Extended Relational Model and its application within an Integrated Project Support Environment.
Tutoring systems based on user-interface dialogue specification.
Deductive synthesis of recursive plans in linear logic.
How micro-evolution can guide macro-evolution : multi-scale search via evolved modular variation.
Active vision for autonomous 3D scene reconstruction.
A Software Development Process Model for Students of Object Technology.
A pipelined asynchronous self-checking RISC-based processor.
Analytic proof systems for classical and modal logics of restricted quantification.
An intelligent soft-computing texture classification system.
Automatic facial expression analysis.
Design of Interpreters for Programming Languages.
Development of a Prolog vibration expert system for rotational machinery management.
The design of numerical algorithms for transputer systems.
Semantics of a synchronous parallel programming language.
Application of overlay techniques to network monitoring.
Exploring a striped XML world.
A custom coprocessor for matrix algorithms.
Parallel algorithms for hypergraph partitioning.
A CSP approach to action systems.
A hierarchal framework for recognising activities of daily life.
Co-operative coevolution for computational creativity: a case study in videogame design.
Efficient verification of universal and intermediate quantum computing.
Software architectures for collaborative virtual environments.
Working with objects in collaborative virtual environments.
Neural network analysis and simulation.
Multi-modal biometric authentication with cohort-based normalization.
Flexible high performance agent based modelling on graphics card hardware.
An intelligent multi-component distributed architecture for knowledge management.
Implementation and optimisation of microwave medical imaging based on the multiple-frequency DBIM-TwIST algorithm.
Personal named entity linking based on simple partial tree matching and context free grammar.
Logics for resource-bounded agents.
Free surface flows over submerged obstructions.
PrologPF : parallel logic and functions on the Delphi machine.
Proportional-integral-plus control of nonlinear systems.
A network-aware virtual machine placement approach for data-intensive applications in a cloud environment.
Predictive control of multivariable systems.
3D human action recognition and motion analysis using selective representations.
Large scale applications on distributed-memory parallel computers using efficient numerical methods.
Culture dimensions of information systems security in Saudi Arabia national health services.
Context-driven methodologies for context-aware and adaptive systems.
Malaria elimination modelling in the context of antimalarial drug resistance.
A study of the modelling and storage of objects for materials selection.
Design and performance validation techniques for distributed systems using timed petrinets.
Zero-shot visual recognition via latent embedding learning.
A methodology for providing a relational interface to access hierarchical or network databases.
A mechanism to facilitate the accessibility of data within a manufacturing company.
Computing surfaces : a platform for scalable interactive displays.
Prefetching and clustering techniques for network based storage.
The engineering of an object-oriented software development methodology.
Incremental model-to-text transformation.
Use of performance predictors in visual analytics.
Formal verification of cryptographic protocols with automated reasoning.
Truth maintenance in knowledge-based systems.
Petri nets approach for the analysis of MASCOT interprocess communications.
Evolution of batch-oriented COBOL systems into object-oriented systems through unified modelling language.
Games, call-by-value and Featherweight Java.
A digital learning system for tracking pattern features.
Automatic creation of boundary-representation models from single line drawings.
Developing error handling software for object-oriented geographical information.
Continuous-variables quantum cryptography: asymptotic and finite-size security analysis.
Developing artificial life simulations of vegetation to support the virtual reconstruction of ancient landscapes.
Information technology project success in Saudi Arabian public organisations: Chief Information Officers' perceptions.
Efficient and robust video coding : metadata-assisted and multiple description video coding.
Distributed concurrent persistent languages: an experimental design and implementation.
A hybrid system for root locus computing.
Viable computing systems : A set theory decomposition of Anthony Stafford Beer's viable system model; Aspirant of surpassing autonomic computing.
Partial evaluation and mix computation in logic programming.
Types for modules.
Adaptive mobile P2P malware detection using social interactions based digital footprints.
Authorization and antichains.
Investigate multilingual mobile learning applications.
Statistics of gradient directions in natural images.
Verifying information flow and metaprogramming in dynamically typed languages.
Hard and soft computing techniques for non-linear modeling and control with industrial applications.
Evaluation of the community response of ecological networks using complexity science.
Improving network extensibility and scalability through SDN.
A high-fidelity microwave driven two-qubit quantum logic gate in 43Ca+.
Information Security Risk Management for Ubiquitous Computing.
Clustering methods for requirements selection and optimisation.
Application of physics-based image formation models to change detection in the context of indoor workplace video surveillance.
A fuzzy logic-based system for soccer video scenes classification.
Rapid generation of hardware functionality in DSP systems on heterogeneous platforms.
Voice synthesis using the three-dimensional digital waveguide mesh.
Engineering communicative distributed safety-critical systems.
From trees to networks and back.
Coupling, code reuse and open implementation in reflective systems.
Autonomous drone network: non-intrusive control and indoor formation positioning.
Active expert sourcing: knowledge extraction from domain specific information.
Novel Static Ward - Leonard Control.
Fitness landscape analysis of a class of NP-hard problems.
Diffeomorphic image registration with applications to deformation modelling between multiple data sets.
Neural networks-on-chip for hybrid bio-electronic systems.
Navigational patterns in interactive multimedia.
Conversion of notations.
Efficient simultaneous encryption and compression of digital videos in computationally constrained applications.
Incorporating inter-sample variability into cardiac electrophysiology simulations.
Mobile CSPIIB.
A modelling approach to the evaluation of computer system performance.
Knowledge refinement in constraint satisfaction and case classification problems.
Electrical conductance and gating of porin channels in lipid bilayers.
Peer to peer information retrieval in a small world.
Optimizing the construction of information retrieval test collections.
Self-management middleware services for autonomic grid computing.
Predictive analysis and optimisation of pipelined wavefront applications using reusable analytic models.
Principled design of nature inspired optimizers-generalizing a formal design methodology.
Animation manifolds for representing topological alteration.
Call-by-push-value.
Towards more effective testing of communications-critical large scale systems.
Applying social capital theory to the management of IT outsourcing.
Cooperative resource pooling in multihomed mobile networks.
Using interaction data for improving the offline and online evaluation of search engines.
Logical aspects of quantum computation.
Verification of compiled code.
Towards better medication adherence apps: preventing forgetfulness by facilitating the formation of routine-based remembering strategies.
A conceptual basis for software engineering measurement.
Requirements Dilemma.
Selective sharing: a dialogical approach to ontology matching.
The NN k technique for image searching and browsing.
Studies in robot programming.
Emotion inference from human body motion.
Transformation bias in mixed effects models of meta-analysis.
Understanding object-oriented frameworks.
Networks, acts and artefacts: exploring actor network theory through letterboxing.
A natural language processing approach to generate SBVR and OCL.
Powering the academic Web.
An assessment of factors influencing neurogaming with motion-onset visual evoked potentials (mVEPs).
Genetic design of robust predictive control systems.
Software tools for the rapid development of signal processing and communications systems on configurable platforms.
Aspect of image quality and the Internet.
An object-oriented framework for the implementation of search techniques.
Learning visually grounded meaning representations.
Optimising structured P2P networks for complex queries.
Introducing corpus-based rules and algorithms in a rule-based machine translation system.
Abstraction and meta-level reasoning for program transformation.
Parametric studies of linear process systems.
Multipeer transport services : from fundamentals towards realisation.
Applications of the genetic algorithms optimisation approach in the design of circular polarised microstrip antennas.
Adaptive methodologies for real-time skin segmentation and large-scale face detection.
A physically-based muscle and skin model for facial animation.
DNA computation.
Semantic based support for visualisation in complex collaborative planning environments.
Data confidentiality and risk management in cloud computing.
A machine learning classification framework for early prediction of Alzheimer's disease.
An analysis of the effects of neutrality on problem hardness for evolutionary algorithms.
Grammar-based preprocessing for PPM compression and classification.
A learning based approach to modelling bilateral adaptive agent negotiations.
Capacity planning in virtualised environments using model driven engineering.
Aspect Oriented Software Fault Tolerance for Mission Critical Systems.
End-user programming in multiple languages.
Exact computing in positional weighted systems.
The application of software and safety engineering techniques to security protocol development.
Designing appropriate icons for Taiwanese computer users.
Logical and computational specification of rational agents.
An adaptation of Modula-2 for distributed computing systems.
Improved sequential and batch learning in neural networks using the tangent plane algorithm.
Spatial relationship based scene analysis and synthesis.
Towards developing and improving effective interaction design tools.
Deterministic chaos in digital cryptography.
A multiple representation approach to constraint satisfaction.
Methodological support for developing complex information systems.
Enhancing questionnaire design through participant engagement to improve the outputs of evaluation.
Compact and low cost quantum cryptography.
Performance analysis of wormhole switched interconnections networks with virtual channels and finite buffers.
Differential dynamic programming methods for determining optimal control of non-linear systems.
Audio equalisation using natural language.
Multiobjective genetic programming for financial portfolio management in dynamic environments.
Functionalization of endohedral fullerenes and their application in quantum information processing.
Automatic conversion of serial to parallel programs and the organization of computer systems for their execution.
Denotational semantic models for real-time LOTOS.
Advanced methods for nonlinear system modelling and identification.
Higher-order queries and applications.
Automated assessment of English-learner writing.
A gene regulatory network model for control.
Hyper-heuristic approaches to automatically designing heuristics as mutation operators for evolutionary programming on function classes.
Evolutionary multiobjective optimisation for expensive and complex problems.
The use of proofs-as-programs to build an analogy-based functional program editor.
Automatic Web widgets prediction for Web 2.0 access technologies.
Statistical physics of error-correcting codes.
Modelling entity instantiations.
Computer-aided diagnosis of complications of total hip replacement X-ray images.
Heuristics and metaheuristics in forward-chaining planning.
Formalisation of component-based systems.
Heterogeneous networking for beyond 3G system in a high-speed train environment: investigation of handover procedures in a high-speed train environment and adoption of a pattern classification neural-networks approach for handover management.
Angelic processes.
Techniques for ubiquitous reliable data storage.
View integration using the entity-relationship model.
Managing Hybrid Reasoning on the Semantic Web using a Blackboard System.
Towards the development and understanding of collaborative mixed-reality learning spaces.
Design of intelligent ensembled classifiers combination methods.
Quantum computation beyond the unitary circuit model.
Investigating TCP performance in mobile ad hoc networks.
Design for a Symbol Processing Associative Store.
Cultural impacts on web : an empirical comparison of interactivity in websites of South Korea and the United Kingdom.
Knowledge sharing in the introduction of a new technology : psychological contracts, subculture interactions and non-codified knowledge in CRM systems.
Performance analysis and optimisation of in-network caching for information-centric future Internet.
EXPRESS : resource-oriented and RESTful Semantic Web services.
Motion tracking in low resolution imagery.
Enterprise adoption oriented cloud computing performance optimization.
Ways of guided listening: embodied approaches to the design of interactive sonifications.
Real-time rendering of animated crowd scenes.
A computer-based holistic approach to managing progress of distributed agile teams.
Recognising and localising human actions.
Collaborating through sounds : audio-only interaction with diagrams.
Variability Capture and Realization for Software Lines.
Analysis of obligatory disclosure regarding individual's privacy.
Computation over metadata in knowledge transfer systems.
Cooperative control of relay based cellular networks.
A block-based approach to document formatting and hypertext.
The controllability of elastic systems.
On a purely categorical framework for coalgebraic modal logic.
Compiling concurrency correctly : verifying software transactional memory.
Musical instrument modelling using digital waveguides.
Nonconvex many-objective optimisation.
Design of a microwave tomography system for medical imaging applications.
Image motion analysis using inertial sensors.
General queueing networks with priorities : maximum entropy analysis of general queueing network models with priority pre-emptive resume or head-of-line and non-priority based service disciplines.
Performance and cost optimization of multi-tenant in-memory database clusters.
Web commerce usability : a user centred design method for web commerce systems.
Intelligent skin cancer detection using enhanced Particle Swarm Optimization.
Reasoning about contingent events in distributed systems.
Task scheduling and merging in space and time.
Simulation and algorithm design of robust coding for a DVB-S based multimedia wireless system.
Acoustic model selection for recognition of regional accented speech.
Parallel computing, interval derivative methods, heuristic algorithms, and their implementation in a numerical solver, for deterministic global optimization.
Aspects of practical implementations of PRAM algorithms.
An investigation into the use of negation in Inductive Rule Learning for text classification.
The application of artificial intelligence techniques to a sequencing problem in the biological domain.
Reinforcement learning and reward estimation for dialogue policy optimisation.
Machine learning and sentiment analysis approaches for the analysis of Parliamentary debates.
Web information systems : a study of maintenance, change and flexibility.
Investigation of a novel formal model for mobile user interface design.
An effective services framework for sharing educational resources.
Multiobjective selection hyper-heuristics using reinforcement learning.
A refinement calculus for concurrent systems with communications.
Mitigating interference coexistence issues in wireless sensor networks.
Towards the development of a mathematician's assistant for the specification and implementation of parallel linear algebra software.
Contribution structures for requirements traceability.
A knowledge-level model for concurrent design.
Optimising subdomain aspect ratios for parallel load balancing.
On the efficiency of applicative algorithms.
Continuous-valued probabilistic neural computation in VLSI.
Website boundary detection via machine learning.
User-interface design for software based sound synthesis systems.
A prototype parallel multi-FPGA accelerator for SPICE CMOS model evaluation.
Precision measurement of carbon isotope ratio in exhaled breath for the detection of Helicobacter pylori.
Towards inducing a simulation model description.
The application of visual programming techniques to the low-level programming process.
Output feedback sliding mode control for time delay systems.
Self-configurable software agents.
Gaze control for visually guided manipulation.
Specifying distributed applications : the limits of formality.
An intelligent computer- based tutoring approach for the management of negative transfer.
A novel fluid-solid-growth-transport framework for modelling the evolution of arterial disease: application to aneurysms.
Scalable wireless sensor networks for dynamic communication environments : simulation and modelling.
Scalability in planning with limited resources.
Model-based transmission reduction and virtual sensing in wireless sensor networks.
Reasoning about goal-plan trees in autonomous agents : development of petri net and constraint-based approaches with resulting performance comparisons.
Unwritten procedural modeling with the straight skeleton.
Automatic methods for program transformation.
Modelling progression and heterogeneity in Alzheimer's disease.
On the structuring of distributed systems : the argument for mobility.
Service composition based on SIP peer-to-peer networks.
A 3-D computer modelled animation system, implemented in an object-oriented message-passing environment.
Extensions to Guided Local Search.
Crowd modelling and simulation.
Procedure - Calling Mechanisms.
Accelerating interpreted programming languages on GPUs with just-in-time compilation and runtime optimisations.
Investigating opportunities for instruction-level parallelism for stack machine code.
Modelling and analysing software requirements and architecture decisions under uncertainty.
Data analytics and methods for improved feature selection and matching.
Lindam and Tiamat : providing generative communications in a changing world.
A class of distance-preserving matrix optimization models in data mining.
Carrier signal injection based sensorless control of permanent magnet brushless AC machines.
End to end solutions for a droplet microfluidic autonomous experimentation system.
Learning representations for speech recognition using artificial neural networks.
The algebra of entanglement and the geometry of composition.
Model checking of mobile systems and diagnosability of weakly fair systems.
Object oriented modelling and simulation of manufacturing systems.
An investigation into the use of ethnography and participatory design in identifying and meeting collaborative needs : a case study of software development teams at Airbus.
Incorporating objects and surfaces into SLAM maps.
The systems organisation of incremental computers.
Towards understanding and improving the process of small group collaborative learning in software engineering education.
Processor scheduling for transputer networks.
The use of computers and interactive graphics for the design of general networks.
Investigating the deployment of electronic customer relationship management readiness and maturity models in the Iranian banking industry.
A quest for a better simulation-based knowledge elicitation tool.
Multiframe image enhancement using self-delaying dynamic networks.
Machine learning methods for face modelling and analysis in-the-wild.
The family snapshot: parental representations of family and children on Instagram.
Detection and classification of multiple person interaction.
Reconstruction of extended environments from image sequences.
Prototyping Z specifications in extended lisp.
Improving motion segmentation with combined classifiers.
Multiple adaptive mechanisms for predictive models on streaming data.
On automatic emotion classification using acoustic features.
Nominal lambda calculus.
Using object-oriented databases to model hydrocarbon reservoirs.
Design and implementation of a distributed control system.
Heuristics for computing sparse solutions for ill-posed inverse problems in signal and image recovery.
Fingerprint based biometric recognition allied to fuzzy neural feature classification.
QoS provisioning in the next generation Internet : the role of the network edge.
A theorem-proving approach to database integrity.
Computational approaches for the analysis and modelling of filamentous growth and branching of Steptomyces coelicolor.
Intelligent parallel controllers.
HYDRA : parallel and distributed Swarm computer architecture.
Unified field multiplier for GF(p) and GF(2 n) with novel digit encoding.
Analogue VLSI neural networks for phoneme recognition.
The qualitative behaviour of dynamic physical systems.
Safety assurance of aviation systems.
Child-centred technologies as learning tools within the primary classroom: exploring the role of tablets and the potential of digital pens in schools.
Supervisor and searcher co-operation algorithms for stochastic optimisation with application to neural network training.
Abstract data types and the integrated project support environment database.
Automatic problem decomposition using co-evolution and modular neural networks.
Effective meta-programming in declarative languages.
Distributing video content over wireless networks using Device-to-Device (D2D) communication.
Replica management and optimisation for data grids.
Internal memory sorting and searching.
SMT goes ABMS : developing strategic management theory using agent-based modelling and simulation.
A comparative study of in-band and out-of-band VOIP protocols in layer 3 and layer 2.5 environments.
Constructing highly-available distributed metainformation systems.
Hardware / Software Interaction in Graphical Display Systems.
Using use-case models to estimate software development cost.
Use of formal methods in the development of safety critical control software.
The persistence of analogies in design decision-making.
Fixture Layout Optimisation Based on Genetic Algorithm.
Synthesizing and editing photo-realistic visual objects.
Noncoherent fusion detection in wireless sensor networks.
ASKNet : automatically creating semantic knowledge networks from natural language text.
Visualising software in cyberspace.
A virtual machine for high integrity real-time systems.
Prediction Oriented Description of Database Systems.
Developing scaffolded virtual learning environments for people with autism.
Investigation of the relationship between aesthetics and perceived usability in web pages.
A neural-symbolic system for temporal reasoning with application to model verification and learning.
A genetic algorithm for automatic optical inspection.
Incremental activity and plan recognition for human teams.
An investigation into tool support for the development of reusable software.
A tenant-aware identification scheme for Cloud Computing: Universal Cloud Classification (UCC).
The relationship between three dimensional human cephalic animation, audiences perception and emotional response.
Unknowledge economies: digital discourse and its effect in potentially rendering all information effectively subjective.
Personalised search for the Social Semantic Web.
Scheduling analysis of fixed priority hard real-time systems with multiframe tasks.
Approximation lower and upper bounds for a selection of combinatorial optimization problems.
The Presentation of Static Information on Air Traffic Control Displays.
Design and evaluation of a multi-output-layer perceptron.
Multi-agent exploration of unknown areas.
Developing energy-aware workload offloading frameworks in mobile cloud computing.
Identifying success factors in a public sector project : an empirical study of the Malaysian School Computer Laboratory Project.
Service-oriented grids and problem solving environments.
Hypercomplex scaling and wavelet filters: their discovery and their application to colour vector image processing.
A soft-systems-conceived model with knowledge representation for informations systems in the office environment.
On the Möbius function and topology of the permutation poset.
Simultaneous localisation and mapping with prior information.
The design, implementation and evaluation of a desktop virtual reality for teaching numeracy concepts via virtual manipulatives.
On a three-dimensional gait recognition system.
A multi-axial optical fibre and linear polarizer based force and torque sensor for dexterous robotic fingertips.
Financial methods for online advertising.
Intelligent techniques for handling uncertainty in the assessment of neonatal outcome.
Practical and theoretical aspects of FORTH software development.
An investigation of delay fault testing for multi voltage design.
Any time probabilistic sensor validation.
Cognitive work analysis : extensions and applications in command and control.
Context-aware Personal Learning Environment.
An investigation of multi-objective hyper-heuristics for multi-objective optimisation.
Optimal control of non-linear systems.
Statistical methods for facial shape-from-shading and recognition.
Electronic functional test generation and scheduling using an intelligent knowledge-based system and heuristic techniques.
A multi-layered approach to information extraction from tables in biomedical documents.
Face age estimation using wrinkle patterns.
Multidimensional quadrature.
Raft : automated techniques for diagnosing, reproducing, and fixing concurrency bugs.
Active learning : an explicit treatment of unreliable parameters.
Linked data technologies to support higher education challenges : student retention, progression and completion.
Distant speech recognition of natural spontaneous multi-party conversations.
Text knowledge : the Quirk Experiments.
Information extraction across sentences.
Real-time detection of auditory : steady-state brainstem potentials evoked by auditory stimuli.
Collaborative sensemaking.
Parallel data processing for semistructured data.
Neuro-fuzzy predictive control of an information-poor system.
Optimisation of correlation matrix memory prognostic and diagnostic systems.
Activity recognition in monitored environments using utility meter disaggregation.
A software environment for discrete event simulation.
A computer architecture with system attributes on individual instruction operands.
Studies on the generalisation of Gaussian processes and Bayesian neural networks.
Aspects of local linear complexity.
A computer-assisted method for planning urban bus services.
Open middleware for the rapid development and experimentation of configurable multicast protocols.
Designing a method for discovering expertise in cyber security communities: an ontological approach.
Le ton fait la musique : analysis of expressions in speech.
High-level neighbourhood-based programming abstractions for parallel processing.
An automatic proof-generating translation from higher-order to first-order logic : with applications to linking HOL4 and ACL2.
An incompressible flow simulation environment for parallel and distributed computers.
Exploiting dynamic deployment in a distributed query processor for the grid.
Explaining recommendations.
Practical uniform interpolation for expressive description logics.
Improving reuse in object oriented design methods.
Reflective computation in concurrent object-based languages : a transformational approach.
Adaptive algorithms for real-world transactional data mining.
Combinatorial structures in quantum information.
Collaborative object manipulation in immersive virtual environments.
Context awareness for wearable computers.
Database query systems for the casual user.
From diversity to convergence : British computer networks and the Internet, 1970-1995.
Interpreted dependency networks : a general framework for belief revision.
The Gello Machine : a self organising neural network with modifiable architecture.
A Bayesian expected error reducation approach to active learning.
Reservoir Computing in materio.
A system for translating a sequential non-block-structured language to a parallel block-structured language.
An object orientated approach to concurrent/parallel processing activities at Roll-Royce Motor Cars.
Integrated information model for managing the product introduction process.
From learning to e-learning : mining educational data : a novel, data-driven approach to evaluate individual differences in students' interaction with learning technology.
Geometric control for analysing the quantum speed limit and the physical limitations of computers.
Benders decomposition for 0-1 integer programs and its applications.
Why does soft matter?: exploring the design space of soft robotic materials and programmable machines.
Using networked multimedia to improve customer service in the UK utility market.
Semantic models for communicating processes with value-passing.
An application of formal specification techniques.
Contention management for distributed data replication.
Distributed target tracking in wireless camera networks.
Cross-database representation and transfer learning of facial expressions.
Software engineering risk : understanding and management.
Optimising multimodal fusion for biometric identification systems.
Correct model-to-model transformation for formal verification.
Matching algorithms for interest management in distributed virtual environments.
Behavioural analytics & clinical diagnostics using body sensor networks.
Optimal investigation of a HVDC transmission system.
Toward Shared Understanding : An Argumentation Based Approach for Communication in Open Multi-Agent Systems.
The impact of architecture on the performance of artificial neural networks.
A chip multiprocessor for a large-scale neural simulator.
Mathematical model of concurrent computation.
Separate compilation and the ADA programming language.
Design-by-contract for software architectures.
An activity-centric approach to configuration work in distributed interaction.
Automatic identification of textual uncertainty.
Digital Control of Electrohydraulic Servos for Interactive Investigations of Objects.
A multi-dimensional analytical framework for hierarchical reasoning in space and time.
Non-linear adaptive equalization based on a multi-layer perceptron architecture.
The nonlinear g mode in the reverse field pinch.
Automatic software generation and improvement through search based techniques.
Modelling metrical flux: an adaptive frequency neural network for expressive rhythmic perception and prediction.
Investigation into computer modelling, simulation and control of the stirling engine.
Train driver scheduling with windows of relief opportunities.
Multi-chromosomal genetic programming.
Proving termination using abstract interpretation.
Enabling cooperative and negotiated energy exchange in remote communities.
A model for schema evolution in object-oriented database systems.
Analysis of low-level interaction events as a proxy for familiarity.
A framework for the visualisation and control of ubiquitous devices, services and digital content.
Biologically-inspired machine vision.
Multi-sensor fusion for human-robot interaction in crowded environments.
Brains in dialogue: investigating accommodation in live conversational speech for both speech and EEG data.
Automated self-assembly programming paradigm.
From underground hacking to ethical hacking.
Precision analysis for hardware acceleration of numerical algorithms.
End-to-end 3D video communication over heterogeneous networks.
Resource-constrained re-identification in camera networks.
Automatically explaining literature based discoveries.
Semantic models for texturing volume objects.
Diagnosing runtime violations of security and dependability properties.
Supporting network visualisation, control and management in distributed virtual worlds.
Online algorithms for markets.
Creating meaningful bodily expression in virtual worlds: inquiring methods for designers.
Non-linear discrete-time observer design by sliding mode.
Language-independent pre-processing of large document bases for text classification.
Inference graphs : a structural model and measures for evaluating knowledge-based systems.
Selective crossover as an adaptive strategy for genetic algorithms.
Functional programming and input/output.
Nonlinear prediction and classification.
Object detection and tracking in moving background video sequences.
Grid application meta-repository system.
Contributions to the maturation of software engineering as a discipline and a recognised profession.
The use of examples by novices learning Prolog.
An empirical analysis of takeover predictions in the UK : application of artificial neural networks and logistic regression.
Explorations of knowledge management in a defence engineering environment.
Ray tracing on multiprocessor systems.
An artificial neural network approach to authorship determination.
Personal projected displays.
Undergraduates' Internet literacies.
Decision-making and action selection in honeybees: a theoretical and experimental study.
Reverse engineering packet structures from network traces by segment-based alignment.
Supporting the transfer of learning of freehand gestures.
Animation prototyping of formal specifications.
Fast variational methods for non-Gaussian likelihoods.
Operator functional state modelling and adaptive control of automation in human-machine systems.
Composite and comprehensive multimedia electronic health care records.
Database tools for multi-language program support environments.
Creating a systems development methodology within a nomadic component intergration centre.
Combining MAS and P2P systems : the Agent Trees Multi-Agent System (ATMAS).
The contour tree image encoding technique and file format.
Dynamic configuration of distributed multimedia components.
Converting polynomial and rational expressions to normal form.
Securing DICOM images through automatic selective encryption.
Named entity recognition : a local grammar-based approach.
Axis : integrating group communication and information sharing to support an evolving group memory.
Data sampling strategies in stochastic algorithms for empirical risk minimization.
Investigating how computational tools can improve the production process of stop-motion animation.
Run-time monitoring of goal-oriented requirements specification.
A logic-based modelling language and integer-programming framework for multicriteria optimisation.
A phylogenetic approach for hardware design and ontogentic architectures : Towards efficient and reliable bio-inspired hardware systems.
Computational logic : structure sharing and proof of program properties.
HiperLan 2 for the wireless local loop.
Computer vision based techniques for fall detection with application towards assisted living.
Physiological measurement based automatic driver cognitive distraction detection.
The development of a structured methodology for the construction and integrity control of spreadsheet models.
Object recognition by region matching using relaxation with relational constraints.
The role of context in image annotation and recommendation.
Graphical foundations for dialogue games.
Implementation of an asynchronous real-time programming language.
The electrification of language : computer-assisted language analysis of the constuction of Michael Faraday's ideas.
Robust phase-based speech signal processing from source-filter separation to model-based robust ASR.
Autocoding methods for networked embedded systems.
The analysis and acquisition of proper names for robust text understanding.
Software reuse : a knowledge-based approach.
Learning and memory in genetic programming.
A knowledge-based system aproach to helping engineers understand codes of practice.
Image classification : a study in age-related macular degeneration screening.
System architecture metrics : an evaluation.
Dynamic rule covering classification in data mining with cyber security phishing application.
Selecting and tailoring of images for online news content: a mixed-methods investigation of the needs and behaviour of image users in online journalism.
Graph transformation and pointer structures.
An empirical investigation into the estimation of software development effort.
Computational models of morphology's effects on cellular dynamics.
Malware tolerance: distributing trust over multiple devices.
An integrated framework for ensuring runtime quality in service-oriented systems.
Supervised learning in multilayer spiking neural networks.
Towards a pedagogy for teaching computer ethics in universities in Bahrain.
Using structured analysis and design technique (SADT) for simulation conceptual modelling.
Slicing statecharts.
Improving the realism of ground movement models.
Supervisory system functioning in memory tasks and interference from secondary tasks.
Gaussian process modelling for audio signals.
Investigations into the scheduling of events and modelling of interrupts in discrete event simulation.
Technical aspects of data mining.
A data dependency recovery system for a heterogeneous multicore processor.
Application of pattern recognition techniques to the synthesis and testing of nonlinear mechanisms including servomechanisms.
Integrated Storage Area Networks (INSTANT).
Resource allocation policies for service provisioning systems.
Real-time feature detection in mass spectrometer data.
Smartphone-powered citizen science for bioacoustic monitoring.
The contestation of code : a political economy of free software and open source.
High fidelity sky models.
Algorithmic theory of randomness and its applications.
Bayesian networks for inference with geographic information systems.
Emergence in active networks.
Intelligent routing algorithm for mobile Internet Protocol Television.
The effective application of syntactic macros to language extensibility.
Instantaneous Frequency Estimation Techniques in Sensorless Controlof AC Machines.
A new Concept in the design of finite Automata.
A procedural level data flow concept for real-time programming.
Estimation techniques for ARMA time series models and random geometric series.
Exploring emergent phenomena : towards analysis and synthesis of emergent formations in complex systems.
Broadband adaptive beamforming with low complexity and frequency invariant response.
Physics- and engineering knowledge-based geometry repair system for robust parametric CAD geometries.
Adaptive evolution in static and dynamic environments.
Rapid saliency identification for selectively rendering high fidelity graphics.
Novel Internet based methods for chemical information control.
3-D surface modelling of the human body and 3-D surface anthropometry.
The optimization of control systems by the hill-climbing technique.
Formal specifications for digital systems.
The development of a parallel database environment for use with corporate geographic information systems.
Supporting management interaction and composition of self-managed cells.
Repertory Grid Technique: a pragmatic approach to evaluating user experience in visualisation navigation.
Task-based parallelism for general purpose graphics processing units and hybrid shared-distributed memory systems.
Perceptually guided textural methods for image retrieval.
Adaptive learning for modelling non-stationarity in EEG-based brain-computer interfacing.
Trajectory based video analysis in multi-camera setups.
Indexed strings for large scale genomic analysis.
A surface-potential-based compact model for partially-depleted silicon-on-insulator MOSFETs.
Connectionist architectures for language disorder simulation.
Data-driven and demand-driven evaluation of logic programs.
Human urban mobility in location-based social networks : analysis, models and applications.
Development of a generalized computer program for gas turbine performance simulation.
The organisation of technology and the technology of organisation : the Vehicle Mounted Data System and the provision of UK fire services.
Language definition and compiler writing : The correctness of an applicative language system.
Design, implementation and evaluation of a declarative object-oriented programming language.
A time-based model for OCCAM.
Overcoming the limitations of statistical parametric speech synthesis.
Artificial intelligence for cognitive agents and intelligent environments.
A hypermedia framework to support requirements analysis.
Articulated statistical shape models for the analysis of bone destruction in mouse models of rheumatoid arthritis.
Automatic 3D facial modelling with deformable models.
Adaptive flexible instruction processors.
Impacts of globalisation and awareness of higher education policy in adoption and use of ICT in Libyan universities.
Dynamic buffer management policy for shared memory packet switches by employing per-queue thresholds.
The information rate and other parameters of probabilistic context free grammars and their parsers.
Computational approaches to depression analysis: from detection to intention analysis.
An integrated data dictionary.
Word processing in groupoids language theory and automatic structures.
Optimizing deep learning networks using multi-armed bandits.
On collapsible pushdown automata, their graphs and the power of links.
Looking deep at people: towards understanding and generating humans in images with deep learning.
Higher order neural networks for financial time series prediction.
Design patterns to support the migration between event-triggered and time-triggered software architectures.
Importance of embodiment towards co-operation in multi robot systems.
Moving from image steganalysis to motion vector based video steganalysis.
Correct synthesis and integration of compiler-generated function units.
Logical representations for automated reasoning about spatial relationships.
Maintaining consistency in client-server database systems with client-side caching.
Cross layer ultrasound video streaming over mobile WiMAX and HSUPA networks.
Logic design testing.
An investigation into MAC layer frame clustering for wirelass LAN intrusion detection.
Utilising presence in places to support mobile interaction.
Quarc : an architecture for efficient on-chip communication.
An Aggregation Alogorithm for Multi-Stage Stochastic Quadratic Programs.
Cryptographic schemes based on elliptic curve pairings.
Spiky RBN: a sub-symbolic artificial chemistry.
Management of object-oriented action-based distributed programs.
Improving one-handed interaction with touchscreen smartphones.
Parallel quantum computing: from theory to practice.
An environment for non-functional oriented development of distributed configurable architectures.
Networks & disputes.
Robust subspace learning for static and dynamic affect and behaviour modelling.
Player profiling and modelling in computer and video games.
Synthesis of embedded supervisory controllers for discrete event systems.
Semantic mapping of road scenes.
An entagled Bayesian gestalt : Mean-field, Monte- Carlo and Quantum Inference in Hierarchical Perception.
English as a second language user's information interaction in an e-governmental context.
Video annotation: the role of specialist text.
GPRM : a high performance programming framework for manycore processors.
High level behavioural modelling of boundary scan architecture.
Continuous evaluation framework for software architectures: an IoT case.
An approach to scalable parallel programming.
Adaption of reference patterns in word-based speech recognition.
Augmenting the virtual : model, architecture and techniques for the representation of delay-induced phenomena in collaborative virtual environments.
A method of program refinement.
Extending access through touch : a specification for a haptic graphic display.
Communication and control in distributed computer systems.
Everything integrated : a framework for associative writing in the Web.
Intrusion detection for communication network security in power systems.
Investigation of the process and practice of animatronics.
Computer based writing support for dyslexic adults using language constraints.
Formal semantics for LIPS (Language for Implementing Parallel/distributed Systems).
Make Grid systems IPv6-enabled and provide mobility support in Grid systems based on mobile IPv6.
Software for a linked computer system.
Dynamic data placement and discovery in wide-area networks.
Experimental and theoretical techniques for quantum-enhanced metrology and optical quantum information processing.
Sound spotting techniques using auditory models and self-organising maps.
Network fluctuation as an explanatory factor in the evolution of cooperation.
Arabic text to Arabic sign language example-based translation system.
Augmenting visual perception with gaze-contingent displays.
Tone mapping for high dynamic range images.
Improving Internet path performance through detour routing.
Hierarchies for efficient clausal entailment checking : with applications to satisfiability and knowledge compilation.
Parallel and distributed simulation of timed Petri nets.
Tools for discovery, refinement and generalization of functional properties by enumerative testing.
A knowledge-based microcontroller software development system.
Asynchronous VLSI design.
Tracing fine-grained provenance in stream processing systems using a reverse mapping method.
Supervised algorithm selection for flow and other computer vision problems.
Improving automated layout techniques for the production of schematic diagrams.
Loudspeaker compression-driver phase-plug design.
Automatic facial age estimation.
Computer-aided mangement of ADA systems.
Scalable semi-supervised grammar induction using cross-linguistically parameterized syntactic prototypes.
A visual framework for formal systems development using interval temporal logic.
Mining real-world networks in systems biology and economics.
Authoring access control policies with controlled natural language.
A critical review of physical layer security in wireless networking.
A co-ordinated business object approach for supporting tactical level management decisions.
Improving cache utilisation.
Audio-visual speech processing for multimedia localisation.
Effectiveness of explanation facilities for intelligent systems.
Volume graphics : field-based modelling and rendering.
Probabilistic relational data mining with aggregates and hierarchies.
Semantic clustering mechanisms for communication in wireless sensor networks.
Investigating into cloud resource management mechanisms.
Temporal difference learning in complex domains.
An architectural framework for co-operative dialogue.
Effective design, configuration, and use of digital CCTV.
Investigation and development of efficient integer and integer goal programming systems.
Graph network link analysis for Web service composition.
Search satisfaction: choice overload, variety seeking and serendipity in search engine use.
Nonlinear systems and cellular maps.
Stochastic simulation of P2P VoIP network reconfiguration using graph transformation.
A grid computing framework for commercial simulation packages.
Operationalising the simulation theory of understanding others for social robots.
An investigation of the factors affecting the lifecycle costs of COTS-based systems.
Modelling of radio wave propagation using Finite Element Analysis.
Unsupervised neural networks for visualisation of data.
Sprite learning and object category recognition using invariant features.
Computation of approximate welfare-maximizing correlated equilibria and pareto-optima with applications to wireless communication.
Some Aspects of Simple Cellular Arrays.
The practice of everyday (virtual) life: a participatory and performative artistic enquiry.
Active capability support for cooperation strategies in cooperative information systems.
Statistical methods on automatic aircraft recognition in aerial images.
Reconfigurable resource management in grid computing.
Management and programming of reconfigurable hardware resources.
Computational analysis of eukaryotic metatranscriptomes from diverse marine environments.
Interpretational overhead in system software.
A security framework for detecting enterprise-wide attacks in computer networks.
The utility of analogy in systems sciences.
Intuitionistic fuzzy XML query matching and rewriting.
Studies in Stochastic Control Theory.
Logic for natural language analysis.
Oscillations in nonlinear feedback systems.
A domain specific language for dynamic interest management within virtual environments.
Achieving privacy-preserving distributed statistical computation.
Detecting TCP-based applications using packet size distributions.
Navigating social systems: information behaviour in refugee integration.
Qualitative representation and reasoning for spatial and spatio-temporal systems.
Write errors in exchange coupled Bit Patterned Media.
Dynamic priority management strategies of high-speed Internet services.
Hybrid probabilistic broadcast schemes for mobile ad hoc networks.
Robust portfolio optimisation using risk measures and applications.
Dynamic user profiling for search personalisation.
The architecture and acuity of critical systems thinking.
Groupware design : principles, prototypes, and systems.
Expert systems techniques for statistical data analysis.
Compositional verification of model-level refactorings based on graph transformations.
Priority in process calculi.
Large scale agent interactions : mathematical modelling and simulation.
Service-oriented grid computing in engineering optimisation and design search.
The re-eduation of upper limb movement post stroke using iterative learning control mediated by electrical stimulation.
Context-aware aided parking solutions based on VANET.
Parallel persistent object-oriented simulation with applications.
Extensions to the support vector method.
Understanding and supporting collaborative sensemaking in collaborative information seeking.
Fault-tolerance for collaborative strong group communication.
Development of amorphous SiC based resistive memories.
Computer games use in an educational system.
Knowledge acquisition from user reviews for interactive question answering.
Semi-supervised lexical acquisition for wide-coverage parsing.
Language identification using text, audio and video feature mapping.
Multiresolution image modelling and estimation.
Modelling and analysis of resource management schemes in wireless networks : analytical models and performance evaluation of handoff schemes and resource re-allocation in homogeneous and heterogeneous wireless cellular networks.
Efficient extraction of semantic information from medical images in large datasets using random forests.
Spatially structured cognitive models of semantic information : the implications for computerised databases.
Ray tracing methods fo hybrid global illumination algorithms.
Expert systems for polymer characterisation.
The influence of intrinsic perceptual cues on navigation and route selection in virtual environments.
Second-order algebraic theories.
Implicit, view-invariant modelling of 3D non-rigid objects.
An approach to implementing cloud service oriented legacy application evolution.
Vision-based neural network classifiers and their applications.
WEBFRAME : a framework for informing web developers' methodology selection.
An object-oriented architecture for the multilingual generation of instructions : supporting knowledge re-use and user task performance.
Receiver architectures and algorithms for MIMO-OFDM WLANs.
Computer aided reliability based design of ring-stiffened cylindrical shells under external pressure.
Object-oriented query language design and processing.
A cross-linguistic study of requestive speech acts in email communication.
Using subgoal chaining to address the local minimum problem.
Pilot contamination mitigation for massive MIMO system using novel channel estimation techniques.
Fuel pump motor-drive systems for more electric aircraft.
The application of workflows to digital heritage systems.
Data driven low-level object detection and segmentation.
Cheap deforestation for non-strict functional languages.
Extensions and applications of dynamic epistemic logic.
Performance issues of variability design in embedded system application families.
Binary sequences with prescribed autocorrelations.
Assessing the reliability of digital evidence from live investigations involving encryption.
Delivering the benefits of persistence to system construction and execution.
Ensuring the real-time behaviour of expert systems.
Targeted feedback collection for data source selection with uncertainty.
Complexity management for video encoders.
Semantic Web technologies in the provision of personalised patient education.
Using context to integrate hypermedia with information retrieval systems.
Hardware design for content addressable data-bases.
A formal framework in VDM for the specification of parallel discrete event simulation.
The use of multimedia in telecare systems to improve the performance of users with different cognitive skills.
Reasoning about systems with evolving structure.
Model-based high-density functional diffuse optical tomography of human brain.
Spatial properties of online social services : measurement, analysis and applications.
Visual scene recognition with biologically relevant generative models.
Computer-aided localisation, segmentation and quantification of focal liver lesions in contrast-enhanced ultrasound.
Modelling of tumour-induced angiogenesis.
Application of digital computers to on-line optimisation.
Adaptive control for real-time dynamic substructuring tests.
Adaptive spectral analysis for speech-sound recognition.
Generic silicon architectures for encryption algorithm.
Cooperative heuristics for autonomous agents : an artificial intelligence perspective.
Formal relationships in sequential object systems.
Ensemble meta-learning for regression.
New routes to HCI: a transdisciplinary approach.
Computer control of a distributed multi-machine system.
Neighbour discovery and distributed spatio-temporal cluster detection in pocket switched networks.
Interactive multimedia : an investigation into its potential for communicating ideas and arguments.
An exploratory investigation into personality characteristics associated with systems development team roles.
The rôle of metaphor in the teaching of computing : towards a taxonomy of pedagogic content knowledge.
Dynamic editable models of fire from video.
Development of machine learning techniques for characterising changes in time-lapse resistivity monitoring.
Space-variant image compression for gaze-contingent stereoscopic displays.
Automated generation of high-integrity test suites from graphical specifications.
Model-driven approaches to analysing time- and location-dependent access control specifications.
Program transformation of embedded systems.
Dialogue structure models : an engineering approach to machine analysis and generation of dialogue.
Statistical parametric speech synthesis based on sinusoidal models.
An analysis of certain storage allocation policies.
Architectures for Embodied Imagination.
Problem hardness for randomized search heuristics with comparison-based selection : a focus on evolutionary algorithms.
The Eigensolution of symmetric matrices on distributed memory computers.
Making navigation easier in object-oriented programming systems.
Estimating general motion and intensity from event cameras.
Machine learning for high-level social behaviour.
Factors affecting spacial awareness in non-stereo visual representations of virtual, real and digital image environments.
Inductive learning of answer set programs.
Unobtrusive and personalised monitoring of Parkinson's disease using smartphones.
Predicting the content of peer-to-peer interactions.
A data-driven framework for investigating customer retention.
Investigation of a teleo-reactive approach for the development of autonomic manager systems.
Personalising learning with dynamic prediction and adaptation to learning styles in a conversational intelligent tutoring system.
An interactive inventory simulation model.
A study of the transient response of a control system having an intentional non-linearity.
An investigation of nonlinear speech synthesis and pitch modification techniques.
The source of individual differences in face recognition.
Visual analysis of large, time-dependent, multi-dimensional smart sensor tracking data.
Speed Sensorless Control for Induction Motor Drives with AI-Based MRAS.
Increasing service visibility for future, softwarised air traffic management data networks.
A computer flowsheeting programme incorporating algebraic analysis of the problem structure.
An extensibly dynamically typed object orientated language with an application to model transformations.
Provision of adaptive and context-aware service discovery for the Internet of Things.
A Conversational Problem Solving System Represented as Procedures with Natural Language Conceptual Structure.
Simulation of complex microstructural geometries using X-FEM and the application to solder joint lifetime prediction.
Enhancing user experience with olfaction in virtual reality.
Virtual memory on a many-core NoC.
Characterisation of the in-vivo terahertz communication channel within the human body tissues for future nano-communication networks.
A framework for authoring databases based on the WebDAV protocol : WebDAD.
Real-time processor architectures for worst case execution time reduction.
Evolution and learning in heterogeneous environments.
Animal-computer interaction: designing specialised technology with canine workers.
Towards efficient big data processing in data centres.
Complexity issues in general purpose parallel computing.
Mobile learning evaluation : the development of tools and techniques for the evaluation of learning exploiting mobile devices through the analysis of automatically collected usage logs - an iterative approach.
Self-adaptive containers: a novel framework for building scalable QoS-aware software with low programmer overhead.
Performance evaluation of systems of concurrent evaluation.
Mobile network and cloud based privacy-preserving data aggregation and processing.
Computational model of visual attention : integrative approach.
Parallel algorithms for MIMD parallel computers.
Intelligent associations selection in intelligent inhabited environments and artefacts.
Algorithmic and complexity aspects of simple coalitional games.
Automatic template creation for information extraction.
Improving the performance and scalability of patten subgraph queries.
Investigation of a computer-aided detection solution for breast focal asymmetry.
Abstract interpretation of functional languages: from theory to practice.
Robust surface modelling of visual hull from multiple silhouettes.
Whole system railway modelling.
Low cost motion tools for animation.
A semi-supervised learning approach to interactive visual computing.
Internet protocol - based information systems : an investigation into integration issues and iterative organisational change strategies.
Image segmentation using local surface fitting.
Topic indexing and retrieval for open domain factoid question answering.
A modular, open-source information extraction framework for identifying clinical concepts and processes of care in clinical narratives.
On the synthesis of integral and dynamic recurrences.
Inferring the geolocation of tweets at a fine-grained level.
Speculative parallelisation with dynamic data structures.
A portable natural language interface from Arabic to SQL.
Translation of APL to other high-level languages.
Selective rendering for high-fidelity graphics.
Program analysis and scheduling for a synchronous multiprocessor machine.
Employing variation in the object of learning for the design-based development of serious games that support learning of conditional knowledge.
Computing and estimating information leakage with a quantitative point-to-point information flow model.
BOR2G: Building Optimal Regularised Reconstructions with GPUs (in cubes).
Dynamic flexible constraint satisfaction and its application to AI planning.
A multi-agent system for hypermedia information discovery on the WWW.
Null controllability of a class of nonlinear systems.
Classification and enumeration of finite semigroups.
On emotion, learning and uncertainty : a cognitive modelling approach.
Generic reusable business object modelling.
Empirical assessment of extreme programming.
Supporting webpage revisiting with history data and visualization.
Paraphrase identification using knowledge-lean techniques.
Analysing web-based malware behaviour through client honeypots.
Immaculate depth perception: recovering 3D scene information via depth completion and prediction.
Multi-objective genetic programming optimal search for feature extraction.
A theoretical study of quantum memories in ensemble-based media.
The development of a BPO-IT framework.
Mechanism selection for multi-robot task allocation.
The development and application of a simulation system for diffusion-weighted MRI.
High frequency internet protocol for wide area networks.
